---
subcategory: Managed Service for Apache Airflow
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_airflow_cluster'
description: Get information about Apache Airflow cluster.
---

# yandex_airflow_cluster (Data Source)

Managed Airflow cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about Apache Airflow cluster by name
//
data "yandex_airflow_cluster" "airflow_cluster_by_name" {
  name = "airflow-created-with-terraform"
}

//
// Get information about Apache Airflow cluster by id
//
data "yandex_airflow_cluster" "airflow_cluster_by_id" {
  id = "<airflow-cluster-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier. Exactly one of the attributes `id` or `name` should be specified.
- `name` (String) The resource name. Exactly one of the attributes `id` or `name` should be specified.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Password that is used to log in to Apache Airflow web UI under `admin` user.
- `airflow_config` (Map of Map of String) Configuration of the Apache Airflow application itself. The value of this attribute is a two-level map. Keys of top-level map are the names of [configuration sections](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#airflow-configuration-options). Keys of inner maps are the names of configuration options within corresponding section.
- `airflow_version` (String) Apache Airflow version in format `<major>.<minor>`.
- `code_sync` (Attributes) Parameters of the location and access to the code that will be executed in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_sync))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deb_packages` (Set of String) System packages that are installed in the cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `lockbox_secrets_backend` (Attributes) Configuration of Lockbox Secrets Backend. [See documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/tutorials/lockbox-secrets-in-maf-cluster) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lockbox_secrets_backend))
- `logging` (Attributes) Cloud Logging configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Configuration of window for maintenance operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `pip_packages` (Set of String) Python packages that are installed in the cluster.
- `python_version` (String) Version of Python that Airflow will run on. Must be in format `<major>.<minor>`.
- `scheduler` (Attributes) Configuration of scheduler instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduler))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/concepts/impersonation).
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `triggerer` (Attributes) Configuration of `triggerer` instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--triggerer))
- `webserver` (Attributes) Configuration of `webserver` instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webserver))
- `worker` (Attributes) Configuration of worker instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--code_sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_sync`

Read-Only:

- `s3` (Attributes) Currently only Object Storage (S3) is supported as the source of DAG files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_sync--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--code_sync--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_sync.s3`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) The name of the Object Storage bucket that stores DAG files used in the cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--lockbox_secrets_backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lockbox_secrets_backend`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables usage of Lockbox Secrets Backend.


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables delivery of logs generated by the Airflow components to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).
- `folder_id` (String) Logs are written to **default log group** of specified folder.
- `log_group_id` (String) Logs are written to the **specified log group**.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum level of messages that are sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--scheduler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduler`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The number of scheduler instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--triggerer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `triggerer`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The number of triggerer instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--webserver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webserver`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The number of webserver instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--worker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker`

Read-Only:

- `max_count` (Number) The maximum number of worker instances in the cluster.
- `min_count` (Number) The minimum number of worker instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
