---
subcategory: Cloud Backup
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_backup_policy'
description: Get information about Yandex Cloud Backup Policy.
---

# yandex_backup_policy (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Backup Policy. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/backup/concepts/policy).

~> One of `policy_id` or `name` should be specified.

~> In case you use `name`, an error will occur if two policies with the same name exist. In this case, rename the policy or use the `policy_id`.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Cloud Backup Policy
//
data "yandex_backup_policy" "my_policy" {
  name = "some_policy_name"
}

output "my_policy_name" {
  value = data.yandex_backup_policy.my_policy.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `policy_id` (String) ID of the policy.

### Read-Only

- `archive_name` (String) The name of generated archives. Default `[Machine Name]-[Plan ID]-[Unique ID]a`.
- `cbt` (String) Configuration of Changed Block Tracking. Available values are: `USE_IF_ENABLED`, `ENABLED_AND_USE`, `DO_NOT_USE`. Default `DO_NOT_USE`.
- `compression` (String) Archive compression level. Affects CPU. Available values: `NORMAL`, `HIGH`, `MAX`, `OFF`. Default: `NORMAL`.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If this field is true, it means that the policy is enabled.
- `fast_backup_enabled` (Boolean) If true, determines whether a file has changed by the file size and timestamp. Otherwise, the entire file contents are compared to those stored in the backup.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `format` (String) Format of the backup. It's strongly recommend to leave this option empty or `AUTO`. Available values: `AUTO`, `VERSION_11`, `VERSION_12`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `multi_volume_snapshotting_enabled` (Boolean) If true, snapshots of multiple volumes will be taken simultaneously. Default `true`.
- `performance_window_enabled` (Boolean) Time windows for performance limitations of backup. Default `false`.
- `preserve_file_security_settings` (Boolean) If true, a quiesced snapshot of the virtual machine will be taken. Default `true`.
- `quiesce_snapshotting_enabled` (Boolean) If true, a quiesced snapshot of the virtual machine will be taken. Default `true`.
- `reattempts` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reattempts))
- `retention` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention))
- `scheduling` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduling))
- `silent_mode_enabled` (Boolean) If true, a user interaction will be avoided when possible. Default `true`.
- `splitting_bytes` (String) Determines the size to split backups. It's better to leave this option unchanged. Default `9223372036854775807`.
- `updated_at` (String) The update timestamp of the resource.
- `vm_snapshot_reattempts` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vm_snapshot_reattempts))
- `vss_provider` (String) Settings for the volume shadow copy service. Available values are: `NATIVE`, `TARGET_SYSTEM_DEFINED`. Default `NATIVE`.

<a id="nestedatt--reattempts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reattempts`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable flag. Default `true`.

- `interval` (String) Retry interval. See `interval_type` for available values. Default: `5m`.

- `max_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of attempts before throwing an error. Default `5`.



<a id="nestedatt--retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention`

Read-Only:

- `after_backup` (Boolean) Defines whether retention rule applies after creating backup or before.

- `rules` (Block Set) A list of retention rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--retention--rules))


<a id="nestedobjatt--retention--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention.rules`

Read-Only:

- `max_age` (String) Deletes backups that older than `max_age`. Exactly one of `max_count` or `max_age` should be set.

- `max_count` (Number) Deletes backups if it's count exceeds `max_count`. Exactly one of `max_count` or `max_age` should be set.

- `repeat_period` (List of String) Possible types: `REPEATE_PERIOD_UNSPECIFIED`, `HOURLY`, `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, `MONTHLY`. Specifies repeat period of the backupset.




<a id="nestedatt--scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling`

Read-Only:

- `backup_sets` (Block Set) A list of schedules with backup sets that compose the whole scheme. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets))

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables scheduling. Default `true`.

- `max_parallel_backups` (Number) Maximum number of backup processes allowed to run in parallel. 0 for unlimited. Default `0`.

- `random_max_delay` (String) Configuration of the random delay between the execution of parallel tasks. See `interval_type` for available values. Default `30m`.

- `scheme` (String) Scheme of the backups. Available values are: `ALWAYS_INCREMENTAL`, `ALWAYS_FULL`, `WEEKLY_FULL_DAILY_INCREMENTAL`, `WEEKLY_INCREMENTAL`. Default `ALWAYS_INCREMENTAL`.

- `weekly_backup_day` (String) A day of week to start weekly backups. See `day_type` for available values. Default `MONDAY`.


<a id="nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.backup_sets`

Read-Only:

- `execute_by_interval` (Number) Perform backup by interval, since last backup of the host. Maximum value is: 9999 days. See `interval_type` for available values. Exactly on of options should be set: `execute_by_interval` or `execute_by_time`.

- `execute_by_time` (Block Set) Perform backup periodically at specific time. Exactly on of options should be set: `execute_by_interval` or `execute_by_time`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets--execute_by_time))

- `type` (String) BackupSet type. See `backup_set_type` for available values. Default `TYPE_AUTO`.


<a id="nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets--execute_by_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.backup_sets.execute_by_time`

Read-Only:

- `include_last_day_of_month` (Boolean) If true, schedule will be applied on the last day of month. See `day_type` for available values. Default `false`.

- `monthdays` (List of Number) List of days when schedule applies. Used in `MONTHLY` type.

- `months` (List of Number) Set of values. Allowed values form 1 to 12.

- `repeat_at` (List of String) List of time in format `HH:MM` (24-hours format), when the schedule applies.

- `repeat_every` (String) Frequency of backup repetition. See `interval_type` for available values.

- `type` (String) Type of the scheduling. Available values are: `HOURLY`, `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, `MONTHLY`.

- `weekdays` (List of String) List of weekdays when the backup will be applied. Used in `WEEKLY` type.





<a id="nestedatt--vm_snapshot_reattempts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vm_snapshot_reattempts`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable flag. Default `true`.

- `interval` (String) Retry interval. See `interval_type` for available values. Default: `5m`.

- `max_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of attempts before throwing an error. Default `5`.


