---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_snapshot'
description: Get information about a Yandex Compute Snapshot.
---

# yandex_compute_snapshot (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Compute snapshot. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/snapshot).

~> One of `snapshot_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Compute Snapshot
//
data "yandex_compute_snapshot" "my_snapshot" {
  snapshot_id = "some_snapshot_id"
}

// You can use "data.yandex_compute_snapshot.my_snapshot.id" identifier 
// as reference to existing resource.
resource "yandex_compute_instance" "default" {
  # ...

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      snapshot_id = data.yandex_compute_snapshot.my_snapshot.id
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `snapshot_id` (String) The ID of a specific snapshot.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk when the snapshot was created, specified in GB.
- `hardware_generation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware_generation))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kms_key_id` (String) ID of KMS symmetric key used to encrypt snapshot.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `product_ids` (List of String) License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this snapshot.
- `source_disk_id` (String) ID of the disk to create a snapshot from.
- `status` (String) The status of the snapshot.
- `storage_size` (Number) Size of the snapshot, specified in GB.

<a id="nestedatt--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Read-Only:

- `generation2_features` (Block List, Max: 1) A newer hardware generation, which always uses `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2` and UEFI boot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features))

- `legacy_features` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the first known hardware generation and its features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features))


<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Read-Only:

- `pci_topology` (String) A variant of PCI topology, one of `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V1` or `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2`.

