---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_image'
description: Get information about a Yandex Compute image.
---

# yandex_compute_image (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Compute image. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/image).

~> Either `image_id`, `family` or `name` must be specified.

~> If you specify `family` without `folder_id` then lookup takes place in the 'standard-images' folder.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Compute Image
//
data "yandex_compute_image" "my_image" {
  family = "ubuntu-1804-lts"
}

// You can use "data.yandex_compute_image.my_image.id" identifier 
// as reference to existing resource.
resource "yandex_compute_instance" "default" {
  # ...
  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image_id = data.yandex_compute_image.my_image.id
    }
  }
  # ...
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [boot_disk[0].initialize_params[0].image_id]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `family` (String) The name of the image family to which this image belongs.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `image_id` (String) The ID of a specific image.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `hardware_generation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware_generation))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kms_key_id` (String) ID of KMS symmetric key used to encrypt image.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `min_disk_size` (Number) Minimum size in GB of the disk that will be created from this image.
- `os_type` (String) Operating system type that is contained in the image. Possible values: `LINUX`, `WINDOWS`.
- `pooled` (Boolean) Optimize the image to create a disk.
- `product_ids` (Set of String) License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this image.
- `size` (Number) The size of the image, specified in GB.
- `status` (String) The status of the image.

<a id="nestedatt--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Read-Only:

- `generation2_features` (Block List, Max: 1) A newer hardware generation, which always uses `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2` and UEFI boot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features))

- `legacy_features` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the first known hardware generation and its features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features))


<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Read-Only:

- `pci_topology` (String) A variant of PCI topology, one of `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V1` or `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2`.

