---
subcategory: Managed Service for Kubernetes (MK8S)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_kubernetes_node_group'
description: Get information about a Yandex Kubernetes Node Group.
---

# yandex_kubernetes_node_group (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Kubernetes Node Group. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kubernetes/concepts/#node-group).

~> One of `node_group_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Managed Kubernetes Node Group.
//
data "yandex_kubernetes_node_group" "my_node_group" {
  node_group_id = "some_k8s_node_group_id"
}

output "my_node_group.status" {
  value = data.yandex_kubernetes_node_group.my_node_group.status
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `node_group_id` (String) ID of a specific Kubernetes node group.

### Read-Only

- `allocation_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocation_policy))
- `allowed_unsafe_sysctls` (List of String) A list of allowed unsafe `sysctl` parameters for this node group. For more details see [documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/sysctl-cluster).
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Kubernetes cluster that this node group belongs to.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deploy_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deploy_policy))
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_group_id` (String) ID of instance group that is used to manage this Kubernetes node group.
- `instance_template` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_template))
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_policy))
- `node_labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs, that are assigned to all the nodes of this Kubernetes node group.
- `node_taints` (List of String) A list of Kubernetes taints, that are applied to all the nodes of this Kubernetes node group.
- `scale_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scale_policy))
- `status` (String) Status of the Kubernetes node group.
- `version_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version_info))

<a id="nestedatt--allocation_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_policy`

Read-Only:

- `location` (Block List) Repeated field, that specify subnets (zones), that will be used by node group compute instances. Subnet specified by `subnet_id` should be allocated in zone specified by 'zone' argument. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--allocation_policy--location))


<a id="nestedobjatt--allocation_policy--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_policy.location`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet, that will be used by one compute instance in node group.

- `zone` (String) ID of the availability zone where for one compute instance in node group.




<a id="nestedatt--deploy_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deploy_policy`

Read-Only:

- `max_expansion` (Number) The maximum number of instances that can be temporarily allocated above the group's target size during the update.

- `max_unavailable` (Number) The maximum number of running instances that can be taken offline during update.



<a id="nestedatt--instance_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template`

Read-Only:

- `boot_disk` (Block List, Max: 1) The specifications for boot disks that will be attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--boot_disk))

- `container_network` (Block List, Max: 1) Container network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_network))

- `container_runtime` (Block List, Max: 1) Container runtime configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_runtime))

- `gpu_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) GPU settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--gpu_settings))

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels that will be assigned to compute nodes (instances), created by the Node Group.

- `metadata` (Map of String) The set of metadata `key:value` pairs assigned to this instance template. This includes custom metadata and predefined keys. **Note**: key `user-data` won't be provided into instances. It reserved for internal activity in `kubernetes_node_group` resource.

- `name` (String) Name template of the instance. In order to be unique it must contain at least one of instance unique placeholders:

- `nat` (Boolean) Enables NAT for node group compute instances.

- `network_acceleration_type` (String) Type of network acceleration. Values: `standard`, `software_accelerated`.

- `network_interface` (Block List) An array with the network interfaces that will be attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface))

- `placement_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The placement policy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--placement_policy))

- `platform_id` (String) The ID of the hardware platform configuration for the node group compute instances.

- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--resources))
- `scheduling_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The scheduling policy for the instances in node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--scheduling_policy))


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.boot_disk`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) The size of the disk in GB. Allowed minimal size: 64 GB.

- `type` (String) The disk type.



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.container_network`

Read-Only:

- `pod_mtu` (Number) MTU for pods.



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.container_runtime`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of container runtime. Values: `docker`, `containerd`.



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--gpu_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.gpu_settings`

Read-Only:

- `gpu_cluster_id` (String) GPU cluster id.

- `gpu_environment` (String) GPU environment. Values: `runc`, `runc_drivers_cuda`.



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Boolean) Allocate an IPv4 address for the interface. The default value is `true`.

- `ipv4_dns_records` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv4 DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv4_dns_records))

- `ipv6` (Boolean) If true, allocate an IPv6 address for the interface. The address will be automatically assigned from the specified subnet.

- `ipv6_dns_records` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv6 DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv6_dns_records))

- `nat` (Boolean) A public address that can be used to access the internet over NAT.

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Security group IDs for network interface.

- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the subnets.


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv4_dns_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.network_interface.ipv4_dns_records`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone is used).

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN.

- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.

- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL (in seconds).



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv6_dns_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.network_interface.ipv6_dns_records`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone is used).

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN.

- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.

- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL (in seconds).




<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--placement_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.placement_policy`

Read-Only:

- `placement_group_id` (String) Specifies the id of the Placement Group to assign to the instances.



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.resources`

Read-Only:

- `core_fraction` (Number) Baseline core performance as a percent.

- `cores` (Number) Number of CPU cores allocated to the instance.

- `gpus` (Number) Number of GPU cores allocated to the instance.

- `memory` (Number) The memory size allocated to the instance.



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--scheduling_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.scheduling_policy`

Read-Only:

- `preemptible` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance is preemptible. Defaults to `false`.




<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_policy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_repair` (Boolean) Flag that specifies if node group can be repaired automatically. When omitted, default value is `true`.

- `auto_upgrade` (Boolean) Flag specifies if node group can be upgraded automatically. When omitted, default value is `true`.

- `maintenance_window` (Block Set) Set of day intervals, when maintenance is allowed for this node group. When omitted, it defaults to any time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--maintenance_policy--maintenance_window))


<a id="nestedobjatt--maintenance_policy--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_policy.maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `duration` (String)
- `start_time` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--scale_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_scale` (Block List, Max: 1) Scale policy for an autoscaled node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale))

- `fixed_scale` (Block List, Max: 1) Scale policy for a fixed scale node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--fixed_scale))


<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale`

Read-Only:

- `initial` (Number) Initial number of instances in the node group.

- `max` (Number) Maximum number of instances in the node group.

- `min` (Number) Minimum number of instances in the node group.



<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--fixed_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.fixed_scale`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) The number of instances in the node group.




<a id="nestedatt--version_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version_info`

Read-Only:

- `current_version` (String)
- `new_revision_available` (Boolean)
- `new_revision_summary` (String)
- `version_deprecated` (Boolean)
