---
subcategory: Managed Service for Redis
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed Redis cluster.
---

# yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2 (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed Redis cluster. For more information,
see [the official documentation](https://cloud.yandex.com/docs/managed-redis/concepts).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB Redis Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_redis_cluster" "foo" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_redis_cluster.foo.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the Redis cluster. This ID is assigned by MDB at creation time.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `access` (Attributes) Access policy to the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `announce_hostnames` (Boolean) Announce fqdn instead of ip address. Can be either true or false.
- `auth_sentinel` (Boolean) Allows to use ACL users to auth in sentinel
- `config` (Attributes) Configuration of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (Attributes) Disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Redis cluster.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `hosts` (Attributes Map) A hosts of the Redis cluster as label:host_info pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosts))
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Maintenance window settings of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `persistence_mode` (String) Persistence mode.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allocated to hosts of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `sharded` (Boolean) Redis sharded mode. Can be either true or false.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) TLS port and functionality. Can be either true or false.

<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Read-Only:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for Yandex DataLens. Can be either true or false.
- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for SQL queries in the management console. Can be either true or false.


<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `allow_data_loss` (Boolean) Allows some data to be lost in favor of faster switchover/restart. Can be either true or false.
- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) Retain period of automatically created backup in days.
- `backup_window_start` (Attributes) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backup_window_start))
- `client_output_buffer_limit_normal` (String) Redis connection output buffers limits for clients.
- `client_output_buffer_limit_pubsub` (String) Redis connection output buffers limits for pubsub operations.
- `cluster_allow_pubsubshard_when_down` (Boolean) Permits Pub/Sub shard operations when cluster is down. Can be either true or false.
- `cluster_allow_reads_when_down` (Boolean) Allows read operations when cluster is down. Can be either true or false.
- `cluster_require_full_coverage` (Boolean) Controls whether all hash slots must be covered by nodes. Can be either true or false.
- `databases` (Number) Number of database buckets on a single redis-server process.
- `io_threads_allowed` (Boolean) Allow redis to use io-threads. Can be either true or false.
- `lfu_decay_time` (Number) The time, in minutes, that must elapse in order for the key counter to be divided by two (or decremented if it has a value less <= 10).
- `lfu_log_factor` (Number) Determines how the frequency counter represents key hits.
- `lua_time_limit` (Number) Maximum time in milliseconds for Lua scripts, 0 - disabled mechanism.
- `maxmemory_percent` (Number) Redis maxmemory percent
- `maxmemory_policy` (String) Redis key eviction policy for a dataset that reaches maximum memory, available to the host.
- `notify_keyspace_events` (String) String setting for pub\sub functionality.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Authentication password.
- `repl_backlog_size_percent` (Number) Replication backlog size as a percentage of flavor maxmemory.
- `slowlog_log_slower_than` (Number) Threshold for logging slow requests to server in microseconds (log only slower than it).
- `slowlog_max_len` (Number) Max slow requests number to log.
- `timeout` (Number) Time that Redis keeps the connection open while the client is idle.
- `turn_before_switchover` (Boolean) Allows to turn before switchover in RDSync. Can be either true or false.
- `use_luajit` (Boolean) Use JIT for lua scripts and functions. Can be either true or false.
- `version` (String) Redis version.
- `zset_max_listpack_entries` (Number) Controls max number of entries in zset before conversion from memory-efficient listpack to CPU-efficient hash table and skiplist

<a id="nestedatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started.
- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started.



<a id="nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_size_autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Limit of disk size after autoscaling in bytes.
- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Immediate autoscaling disk usage (percent).
- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Maintenance window autoscaling disk usage (percent).


<a id="nestedatt--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosts`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Assign a public IP address to the host. Can be either true or false.
- `fqdn` (String) Fully Qualified Domain Name. In other words, hostname.
- `replica_priority` (Number) A replica with a low priority number is considered better for promotion.
- `shard_name` (String) Shard Name of the host in the cluster.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the host is located.
- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window if window type is weekly.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window if window type is weekly.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.

## Argument Reference

One of the following arguments are required:

* `cluster_id` - The ID of the Redis cluster.
* `name` - The name of the Redis cluster.