---
subcategory: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_vpc_subnet'
description: Get information about a Yandex VPC subnet.
---

# yandex_vpc_subnet (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex VPC subnet. For more information, see [Yandex Cloud VPC](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/index).

This data source is used to define [VPC Subnets](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/network#subnet) that can be used by other resources.

~> One of `subnet_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing VPC Subnet.
//
data "yandex_vpc_subnet" "admin" {
  subnet_id = "my-subnet-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `dhcp_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_options))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network this subnet belongs to. Only networks that are in the distributed mode can have subnets.
- `route_table_id` (String) The ID of the route table to assign to this subnet. Assigned route table should belong to the same network as this subnet.
- `v4_cidr_blocks` (List of String) A list of blocks of internal IPv4 addresses that are owned by this subnet. Provide this property when you create the subnet. For example, `10.0.0.0/22` or `192.168.0.0/16`. Blocks of addresses must be unique and non-overlapping within a network. Minimum subnet size is `/28`, and maximum subnet size is `/16`. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `v6_cidr_blocks` (List of String) An optional list of blocks of IPv6 addresses that are owned by this subnet.
- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_options`

Read-Only:

- `domain_name` (String) Domain name.

- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) Domain name server IP addresses.

- `ntp_servers` (List of String) NTP server IP addresses.

