---
subcategory: Managed Service for YDB
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_ydb_database_serverless'
description: Get information about a Yandex Database serverless cluster.
---

# yandex_ydb_database_serverless (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Database serverless cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/ydb/concepts/serverless_and_dedicated).

~> If `database_id` is not specified `name` and `folder_id` will be used to designate Yandex Database serverless cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing YDB Serverless Database.
//
data "yandex_ydb_database_serverless" "my_database" {
  database_id = "some_ydb_serverless_database_id"
}

output "ydb_api_endpoint" {
  value = data.yandex_ydb_database_serverless.my_database.ydb_api_endpoint
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `database_id` (String) ID of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `serverless_database` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--serverless_database))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database_path` (String) Full database path of the Yandex Database serverless cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `document_api_endpoint` (String) Document API endpoint of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `location_id` (String) Location ID for the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `status` (String) Status of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Whether TLS is enabled for the Yandex Database serverless cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_api_endpoint` (String) API endpoint of the Yandex Database serverless cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_full_endpoint` (String) Full endpoint of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--serverless_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `serverless_database`

Optional:

- `enable_throttling_rcu_limit` (Boolean)
- `provisioned_rcu_limit` (Number)
- `storage_size_limit` (Number)
- `throttling_rcu_limit` (Number)
