---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_image'
description: Creates a VM image for the Yandex Compute service from an existing tarball.
---

# yandex_compute_image (Resource)

Creates a virtual machine image resource for the Yandex Compute Cloud service from an existing tarball. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/image).

~> One of `source_family`, `source_image`, `source_snapshot`, `source_disk` or `source_url` must be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Compute Image.
//
resource "yandex_compute_image" "foo-image" {
  name       = "my-custom-image"
  source_url = "https://storage.yandexcloud.net/lucky-images/kube-it.img"
}

// You can use "data.yandex_compute_image.my_image.id" identifier 
// as reference to existing resource.
resource "yandex_compute_instance" "vm" {
  name = "vm-from-custom-image"

  # ...

  boot_disk {
    initialize_params {
      image_id = yandex_compute_image.foo-image.id
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `family` (String) The name of the image family to which this image belongs.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `hardware_generation` (Block List, Max: 1) Hardware generation and its features, which will be applied to the instance when this image is used for creating a boot disk. Provide this property if you wish to override this value, which otherwise is inherited from the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hardware_generation))
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `min_disk_size` (Number) Minimum size in GB of the disk that will be created from this image.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `os_type` (String) Operating system type that is contained in the image. Possible values: `LINUX`, `WINDOWS`.
- `pooled` (Boolean) Optimize the image to create a disk.
- `product_ids` (Set of String) License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this image.
- `source_disk` (String) The ID of a disk to use as the source of the image. Changing this ID forces a new resource to be created.
- `source_family` (String) The name of the family to use as the source of the new image. The ID of the latest image is taken from the `standard-images` folder. Changing the family forces a new resource to be created.
- `source_image` (String) The ID of an existing image to use as the source of the image. Changing this ID forces a new resource to be created.
- `source_snapshot` (String) The ID of a snapshot to use as the source of the image. Changing this ID forces a new resource to be created.
- `source_url` (String) The URL to use as the source of the image. Changing this URL forces a new resource to be created.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `size` (Number) The size of the image, specified in GB.
- `status` (String) The status of the image.

<a id="nestedblock--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Optional:

- `generation2_features` (Block List, Max: 1) A newer hardware generation, which always uses `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2` and UEFI boot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hardware_generation--generation2_features))
- `legacy_features` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the first known hardware generation and its features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hardware_generation--legacy_features))

<a id="nestedblock--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`


<a id="nestedblock--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Optional:

- `pci_topology` (String) A variant of PCI topology, one of `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V1` or `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2`.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_compute_image.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_compute_image.my_image fd8go**********trjsd
```
