---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule_iam_binding'
description: Allows management of a single IAM binding for the Snapshot Schedule.
---

# yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule_iam_binding (Resource)

Allows creation and management of a single binding within IAM policy for an existing `Snapshot Schedule`.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Compute Snapshot Schedule and new IAM Binding for it.
//
resource "yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule" "schedule1" {
  schedule_policy {
    expression = "0 0 * * *"
  }

  retention_period = "12h"

  snapshot_spec {
    description = "retention-snapshot"
  }

  disk_ids = ["test_disk_id", "another_test_disk_id"]
}

resource "yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule_iam_binding" "editor" {
  snapshot_schedule_id = data.yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule.schedule1.id

  role = "editor"

  members = [
    "userAccount:some_user_id",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `members` (Set of String) An array of identities that will be granted the privilege in the `role`. Each entry can have one of the following values:
 * **userAccount:{user_id}**: A unique user ID that represents a specific Yandex account.
 * **serviceAccount:{service_account_id}**: A unique service account ID.
 * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}**: A unique federated user ID.
 * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}:**: A unique SAML federation user account ID.
 * **group:{group_id}**: A unique group ID.
 * **system:group:federation:{federation_id}:users**: All users in federation.
 * **system:group:organization:{organization_id}:users**: All users in organization.
 * **system:allAuthenticatedUsers**: All authenticated users.
 * **system:allUsers**: All users, including unauthenticated ones.

~> for more information about system groups, see [Cloud Documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/access-control/system-group).
- `role` (String) The role that should be assigned. Only one yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule_iam_binding can be used per role.
- `snapshot_schedule_id` (String) The ID of the compute Snapshot Schedule to attach the policy to.

## Import

~> Import for this resource is not implemented yet.
