---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_disk_placement_group_iam_binding'
description: Allows management of a single IAM binding for the Disk Placement Group.
---

# yandex_compute_disk_placement_group_iam_binding (Resource)

Allows creation and management of a single binding within IAM policy for an existing `Disk Placement Group`.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Disk Placement Group and new IAM Binding for it.
//
resource "yandex_compute_disk_placement_group" "group1" {
  name        = "test-pg"
  folder_id   = "abc*********123"
  description = "my description"
}

resource "yandex_compute_disk_placement_group_iam_binding" "editor" {
  disk_placement_group_id = data.yandex_compute_disk_placement_group.group1.id

  role = "editor"

  members = [
    "userAccount:some_user_id",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_placement_group_id` (String) The ID of the compute Disk Placement Group to attach the policy to.
- `members` (Set of String) An array of identities that will be granted the privilege in the `role`. Each entry can have one of the following values:
 * **userAccount:{user_id}**: A unique user ID that represents a specific Yandex account.
 * **serviceAccount:{service_account_id}**: A unique service account ID.
 * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}**: A unique federated user ID.
 * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}:**: A unique SAML federation user account ID.
 * **group:{group_id}**: A unique group ID.
 * **system:group:federation:{federation_id}:users**: All users in federation.
 * **system:group:organization:{organization_id}:users**: All users in organization.
 * **system:allAuthenticatedUsers**: All authenticated users.
 * **system:allUsers**: All users, including unauthenticated ones.

~> for more information about system groups, see [Cloud Documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/access-control/system-group).
- `role` (String) The role that should be assigned. Only one yandex_compute_disk_placement_group_iam_binding can be used per role.

## Import

~> Import for this resource is not implemented yet.
