---
subcategory: Container Registry
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_container_registry'
description: Creates a new container registry.
---

# yandex_container_registry (Resource)

Creates a new container registry. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/container-registry/concepts/registry)

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Container Registry.
//
resource "yandex_container_registry" "default" {
  name      = "test-registry"
  folder_id = "test_folder_id"

  labels = {
    my-label = "my-label-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the registry.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_container_registry.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_container_registry.my_registry crps9**********k9psn
```
