---
subcategory: Data Transfer
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_datatransfer_endpoint'
description: Manages a Data Transfer endpoint within Yandex Cloud.
---

# yandex_datatransfer_endpoint (Resource)

Manages a Data Transfer endpoint. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/data-transfer/).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new pair of Data Transfer Endpoints - Source & Target.
//
resource "yandex_datatransfer_endpoint" "pg_source" {
  name = "pg-test-source"
  settings {
    postgres_source {
      connection {
        on_premise {
          hosts = [
            "example.org"
          ]
          port = 5432
        }
      }
      slot_gigabyte_lag_limit = 100
      database                = "db1"
      user                    = "user1"
      password {
        raw = "123"
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "yandex_datatransfer_endpoint" "pg_target" {
  folder_id = "some_folder_id"
  name      = "pg-test-target2"
  settings {
    postgres_target {
      connection {
        mdb_cluster_id = "some_cluster_id"
      }
      security_groups = [/* list of security group ids */]
      database        = "db2"
      user            = "user2"
      password {
        raw = "321"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `settings` (Block List, Max: 1) DataTransfer Endpoint Settings block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `clickhouse_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the ClickHouse source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source))
- `clickhouse_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the ClickHouse target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target))
- `kafka_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the Kafka source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source))
- `kafka_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the Kafka target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target))
- `metrika_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the Yandex Metrika source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--metrika_source))
- `mongo_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the MongoDB source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source))
- `mongo_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the MongoDB target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target))
- `mysql_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the MySQL source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source))
- `mysql_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the MySQL target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target))
- `postgres_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the PostgreSQL source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source))
- `postgres_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the PostgreSQL target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target))
- `ydb_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the YDB source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--ydb_source))
- `ydb_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the YDB target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--ydb_target))
- `yds_source` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the YDS source endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source))
- `yds_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings specific to the YDS target endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_target))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source`

Optional:

- `clickhouse_cluster_name` (String)
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection))
- `exclude_tables` (List of String) The list of tables that should not be transferred.
- `include_tables` (List of String) The list of tables that should be transferred. Leave empty if all tables should be transferred.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection`

Optional:

- `connection_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options`

Optional:

- `database` (String)
- `mdb_cluster_id` (String)
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise))
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--password))
- `user` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise`

Optional:

- `http_port` (Number)
- `native_port` (Number)
- `shards` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--shards))
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--shards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.shards`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_source--connection--connection_options--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_source.connection.connection_options.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive)





<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target`

Optional:

- `alt_names` (Block List) Table renaming rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--alt_names))
- `cleanup_policy` (String) How to clean collections when activating the transfer. One of `CLICKHOUSE_CLEANUP_POLICY_DISABLED` or `CLICKHOUSE_CLEANUP_POLICY_DROP`.
- `clickhouse_cluster_name` (String) Name of the ClickHouse cluster. For managed ClickHouse clusters defaults to managed cluster ID.
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `sharding` (Block List, Max: 1) Shard selection rules for the data being transferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding))
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--alt_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.alt_names`

Optional:

- `from_name` (String)
- `to_name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection`

Optional:

- `connection_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options`

Optional:

- `database` (String) Database name.
- `mdb_cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed ClickHouse cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise ClickHouse server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise))
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password for the database access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--password))
- `user` (String) User for database access.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise`

Optional:

- `http_port` (Number) TCP port number for the HTTP interface of the ClickHouse server.
- `native_port` (Number) TCP port number for the native interface of the ClickHouse server.
- `shards` (Block List) The list of ClickHouse shards. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--shards))
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--shards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.shards`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) List of ClickHouse server host names.
- `name` (String) Arbitrary shard name. This name may be used in `sharding` block to specify custom sharding rules.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--connection--connection_options--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.connection.connection_options.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database access.




<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding`

Optional:

- `column_value_hash` (Block List, Max: 1) Shard data by the hash value of the specified column. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--column_value_hash))
- `custom_mapping` (Block List, Max: 1) A custom shard mapping by the value of the specified column. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--custom_mapping))
- `round_robin` (Block List, Max: 1) Distribute incoming rows between ClickHouse shards in a round-robin manner. Specify as an empty block to enable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--round_robin))
- `transfer_id` (Block List, Max: 1) Shard data by ID of the transfer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--transfer_id))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--column_value_hash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding.column_value_hash`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) The name of the column to calculate hash from.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--custom_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding.custom_mapping`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) The name of the column to inspect when deciding the shard to chose for an incoming row.
- `mapping` (Block List) The mapping of the specified column values to the shard names. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--custom_mapping--mapping))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--custom_mapping--mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding.custom_mapping.mapping`

Optional:

- `column_value` (Block List, Max: 1) The value of the column. Currently only the string columns are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--custom_mapping--mapping--column_value))
- `shard_name` (String) The name of the shard into which all the rows with the specified `column_value` will be written.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--custom_mapping--mapping--column_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding.custom_mapping.mapping.column_value`

Optional:

- `string_value` (String) The string value of the column.




<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--round_robin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding.round_robin`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--clickhouse_target--sharding--transfer_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.clickhouse_target.sharding.transfer_id`




<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Authentication data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth))
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection))
- `parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Data parsing parameters. If not set, the source messages are read in raw. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `topic_name` (String) **Deprecated**. Please use `topic_names` instead.
- `topic_names` (List of String) The list of full source topic names.
- `transformer` (Block List, Max: 1) Transform data with a custom Cloud Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--transformer))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.auth`

Optional:

- `no_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth--no_auth))
- `sasl` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth--sasl))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth--no_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.auth.no_auth`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.auth.sasl`

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String)
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth--sasl--password))
- `user` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--auth--sasl--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.auth.sasl.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.connection`

Optional:

- `cluster_id` (String)
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.connection.on_premise`

Optional:

- `broker_urls` (List of String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) Empty block designating that the connection is not secured, i.e. plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) If this attribute is not an empty block, then TLS is used for the server connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String) X.509 certificate of the certificate authority which issued the server's certificate, in PEM format. If empty, the server's certificate must be signed by a well-known CA.





<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser`

Optional:

- `audit_trails_v1_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse Audit Trails data. Empty struct. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--audit_trails_v1_parser))
- `cloud_logging_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse Cloud Logging data. Empty struct. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--cloud_logging_parser))
- `json_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse data in `JSON` format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser))
- `tskv_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse data if `TSKV` format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--audit_trails_v1_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.audit_trails_v1_parser`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--cloud_logging_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.cloud_logging_parser`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.json_parser`

Optional:

- `add_rest_column` (Boolean) Add fields, that are not in the schema, into the _rest column.
- `data_schema` (Block List, Max: 1) Data parsing scheme. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema))
- `null_keys_allowed` (Boolean) Allow null keys. If `false` - null keys will be putted to unparsed data.
- `unescape_string_values` (Boolean) Allow unescape string values.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.json_parser.data_schema`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields))
- `json_fields` (String) Description of the data schema as JSON specification.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.json_parser.data_schema.fields`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List) Description of the data schema in the array of `fields` structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields--fields))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.json_parser.data_schema.fields.fields`

Optional:

- `key` (Boolean) Mark field as Primary Key.
- `name` (String) Field name.
- `path` (String) Path to the field.
- `required` (Boolean) Mark field as required.
- `type` (String) Field type, one of: `INT64`, `INT32`, `INT16`, `INT8`, `UINT64`, `UINT32`, `UINT16`, `UINT8`, `DOUBLE`, `BOOLEAN`, `STRING`, `UTF8`, `ANY`, `DATETIME`.





<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.tskv_parser`

Optional:

- `add_rest_column` (Boolean) Add fields, that are not in the schema, into the _rest column.
- `data_schema` (Block List, Max: 1) Data parsing scheme. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema))
- `null_keys_allowed` (Boolean) Allow null keys. If `false` - null keys will be putted to unparsed data.
- `unescape_string_values` (Boolean) Allow unescape string values.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.tskv_parser.data_schema`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List, Max: 1) Description of the data schema in the array of `fields` structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields))
- `json_fields` (String) Description of the data schema as JSON specification.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.tskv_parser.data_schema.fields`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields--fields))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.parser.tskv_parser.data_schema.fields.fields`

Optional:

- `key` (Boolean) Mark field as Primary Key.
- `name` (String) Field name.
- `path` (String) Path to the field.
- `required` (Boolean) Mark field as required.
- `type` (String) Field type, one of: `INT64`, `INT32`, `INT16`, `INT8`, `UINT64`, `UINT32`, `UINT16`, `UINT8`, `DOUBLE`, `BOOLEAN`, `STRING`, `UTF8`, `ANY`, `DATETIME`.






<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_source--transformer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_source.transformer`

Optional:

- `buffer_flush_interval` (String)
- `buffer_size` (String)
- `cloud_function` (String)
- `invocation_timeout` (String)
- `number_of_retries` (Number)
- `service_account_id` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Authentication data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth))
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `serializer` (Block List, Max: 1) Data serialization settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer))
- `topic_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Target topic settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--topic_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.auth`

Optional:

- `no_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection without authentication data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth--no_auth))
- `sasl` (Block List, Max: 1) Authentication using sasl. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth--sasl))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth--no_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.auth.no_auth`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.auth.sasl`

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String)
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth--sasl--password))
- `user` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--auth--sasl--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.auth.sasl.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.connection`

Optional:

- `cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed Kafka cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise Kafka server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.connection.on_premise`

Optional:

- `broker_urls` (List of String) List of Kafka broker URLs.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. Empty implies plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)





<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.serializer`

Optional:

- `serializer_auto` (Block List, Max: 1) Empty block. Select data serialization format automatically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_auto))
- `serializer_debezium` (Block List, Max: 1) Serialize data in json format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_debezium))
- `serializer_json` (Block List, Max: 1) Empty block. Serialize data in json format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_json))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_auto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.serializer.serializer_auto`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_debezium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.serializer.serializer_debezium`

Optional:

- `serializer_parameters` (Block List) A list of Debezium parameters set by the structure of the `key` and `value` string fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_debezium--serializer_parameters))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_debezium--serializer_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.serializer.serializer_debezium.serializer_parameters`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--serializer--serializer_json"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.serializer.serializer_json`



<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--topic_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.topic_settings`

Optional:

- `topic` (Block List, Max: 1) All messages will be sent to one topic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--topic_settings--topic))
- `topic_prefix` (String) Topic name prefix. Messages will be sent to topic with name <topic_prefix>.<schema>.<table_name>.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--kafka_target--topic_settings--topic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.kafka_target.topic_settings.topic`

Optional:

- `save_tx_order` (Boolean) Not to split events queue into separate per-table queues.
- `topic_name` (String) Full topic name.




<a id="nestedblock--settings--metrika_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.metrika_source`

Optional:

- `counter_ids` (List of Number)
- `streams` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--metrika_source--streams))
- `token` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--metrika_source--token))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--metrika_source--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.metrika_source.streams`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--settings--metrika_source--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.metrika_source.token`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive)



<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source`

Optional:

- `collections` (Block List) The list of the MongoDB collections that should be transferred. If omitted, all available collections will be transferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--collections))
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection))
- `excluded_collections` (Block List) The list of the MongoDB collections that should not be transferred. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--excluded_collections))
- `secondary_preferred_mode` (Boolean) Whether the secondary server should be preferred to the primary when copying data.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--collections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.collections`

Optional:

- `collection_name` (String)
- `database_name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection`

Optional:

- `connection_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection.connection_options`

Optional:

- `auth_source` (String) Name of the database associated with the credentials.
- `mdb_cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed MongoDB cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise MongoDB server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise))
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--password))
- `user` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) Host names of the replica set.
- `port` (Number) TCP Port number.
- `replica_set` (String) Replica set name.
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. Empty implies plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--connection--connection_options--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.connection.connection_options.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_source--excluded_collections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_source.excluded_collections`

Optional:

- `collection_name` (String)
- `database_name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target`

Optional:

- `cleanup_policy` (String) How to clean collections when activating the transfer. One of `DISABLED`, `DROP` or `TRUNCATE`.
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection))
- `database` (String) If not empty, then all the data will be written to the database with the specified name; otherwise the database name is the same as in the source endpoint.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection`

Optional:

- `connection_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection.connection_options`

Optional:

- `auth_source` (String) Name of the database associated with the credentials.
- `mdb_cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed MongoDB cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise MongoDB server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise))
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password for the database access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--password))
- `user` (String) User for database access.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) Host names of the replica set.
- `port` (Number) TCP Port number.
- `replica_set` (String) Replica set name.
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. Empty implies plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection.connection_options.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--settings--mongo_target--connection--connection_options--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mongo_target.connection.connection_options.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database access.





<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source`

Optional:

- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection))
- `database` (String) Name of the database to transfer.
- `exclude_tables_regex` (List of String) Opposite of `include_table_regex`. The tables matching the specified regular expressions will not be transferred.
- `include_tables_regex` (List of String) List of regular expressions of table names which should be transferred. A table name is formatted as schemaname.tablename. For example, a single regular expression may look like `^mydb.employees$`.
- `object_transfer_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines which database schema objects should be transferred, e.g. views, routines, etc. All of the attrubutes in the block are optional and should be either `BEFORE_DATA`, `AFTER_DATA` or `NEVER`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--object_transfer_settings))
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password for the database access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--password))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `service_database` (String)
- `timezone` (String) Timezone to use for parsing timestamps for saving source timezones. Accepts values from IANA timezone database. Default: `local timezone`.
- `user` (String) User for the database access.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.connection`

Optional:

- `mdb_cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed MySQL cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise MySQL server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.connection.on_premise`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) List of host names of the MySQL server. Exactly one host is expected currently.
- `port` (Number) Port for the database connection.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. Empty implies plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)





<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--object_transfer_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.object_transfer_settings`

Optional:

- `routine` (String)
- `tables` (String)
- `trigger` (String)
- `view` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_source--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_source.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database access.



<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target`

Optional:

- `cleanup_policy` (String) How to clean tables when activating the transfer. One of `DISABLED`, `DROP` or `TRUNCATE`.
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection))
- `database` (String) Name of the database to transfer.
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password for the database access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--password))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `service_database` (String) The name of the database where technical tables (`__tm_keeper`, `__tm_gtid_keeper`) will be created. Default is the value of the attribute `database`.
- `skip_constraint_checks` (Boolean) When `true`, disables foreign key checks. See [foreign_key_checks](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_foreign_key_checks). `False` by default.
- `sql_mode` (String) [sql_mode](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/sql-mode.html) to use when interacting with the server. Defaults to `NO_AUTO_VALUE_ON_ZERO,NO_DIR_IN_CREATE,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION`.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone to use for parsing timestamps for saving source timezones. Accepts values from IANA timezone database. Default: `local timezone`.
- `user` (String) User for the database access.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target.connection`

Optional:

- `mdb_cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed MySQL cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise MySQL server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target.connection.on_premise`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) List of host names of the MySQL server. Exactly one host is expected currently.
- `port` (Number) Port for the database connection.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. Empty implies plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)





<a id="nestedblock--settings--mysql_target--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.mysql_target.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database access.



<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source`

Optional:

- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection))
- `database` (String) Name of the database to transfer.
- `exclude_tables` (List of String) List of tables which will not be transfered, formatted as `schemaname.tablename`.
- `include_tables` (List of String) List of tables to transfer, formatted as `schemaname.tablename`. If omitted or an empty list is specified, all tables will be transferred.
- `object_transfer_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines which database schema objects should be transferred, e.g. views, functions, etc. All of the attributes in this block are optional and should be either `BEFORE_DATA`, `AFTER_DATA` or `NEVER`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--object_transfer_settings))
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password for the database access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--password))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `service_schema` (String) Name of the database schema in which auxiliary tables needed for the transfer will be created. Empty `service_schema` implies schema `public`.
- `slot_gigabyte_lag_limit` (Number) Maximum WAL size held by the replication slot, in gigabytes. Exceeding this limit will result in a replication failure and deletion of the replication slot. `Unlimited` by default.
- `user` (String) User for the database access.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.connection`

Optional:

- `mdb_cluster_id` (String)
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.connection.on_premise`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String)
- `port` (Number)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)





<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--object_transfer_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.object_transfer_settings`

Optional:

- `cast` (String)
- `collation` (String)
- `constraint` (String)
- `default_values` (String)
- `fk_constraint` (String)
- `function` (String)
- `index` (String)
- `materialized_view` (String)
- `policy` (String)
- `primary_key` (String)
- `rule` (String)
- `sequence` (String)
- `sequence_owned_by` (String)
- `sequence_set` (String)
- `table` (String)
- `trigger` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `view` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_source--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_source.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database access.



<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target`

Optional:

- `cleanup_policy` (String)
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection))
- `database` (String) Name of the database to transfer.
- `password` (Block List, Max: 1) Password for the database access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--password))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `user` (String) User for the database access.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target.connection`

Optional:

- `mdb_cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the Managed PostgreSQL cluster.
- `on_premise` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection settings of the on-premise PostgreSQL server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target.connection.on_premise`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) List of host names of the PostgreSQL server. Exactly one host is expected currently.
- `port` (Number) Port for the database connection.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.
- `tls_mode` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS settings for the server connection. Empty implies plaintext connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled))
- `enabled` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--connection--on_premise--tls_mode--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target.connection.on_premise.tls_mode.enabled`

Optional:

- `ca_certificate` (String)





<a id="nestedblock--settings--postgres_target--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.postgres_target.password`

Optional:

- `raw` (String, Sensitive) Password for the database access.



<a id="nestedblock--settings--ydb_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.ydb_source`

Optional:

- `changefeed_custom_name` (String) Custom name for changefeed.
- `database` (String) Database path in YDB where tables are stored. Example: `/ru/transfer_manager/prod/data-transfer-yt`.
- `instance` (String) Instance of YDB. Example: `my-cute-ydb.yandex.cloud:2135`.
- `paths` (List of String) A list of paths which should be uploaded. When not specified, all available tables are uploaded.
- `sa_key_content` (String, Sensitive) Authentication key.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account ID for interaction with database.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--ydb_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.ydb_target`

Optional:

- `cleanup_policy` (String) How to clean collections when activating the transfer. One of `YDB_CLEANUP_POLICY_DISABLED` or `YDB_CLEANUP_POLICY_DROP`.
- `database` (String) Database path in YDB where tables are stored. Example: `/ru/transfer_manager/prod/data-transfer-yt`.
- `default_compression` (String) Compression that will be used for default columns family on YDB table creation One of `YDB_DEFAULT_COMPRESSION_UNSPECIFIED`, `YDB_DEFAULT_COMPRESSION_DISABLED`, `YDB_DEFAULT_COMPRESSION_LZ4`.
- `instance` (String) Instance of YDB. Example: `my-cute-ydb.yandex.cloud:2135`.
- `is_table_column_oriented` (Boolean) Whether a column-oriented (i.e. OLAP) tables should be created. Default is `false` (create row-oriented OLTP tables).
- `path` (String) A path where resulting tables are stored.
- `sa_key_content` (String, Sensitive) Authentication key.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account ID for interaction with database.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source`

Optional:

- `allow_ttl_rewind` (Boolean) Should continue working, if consumer read lag exceed TTL of topic.
- `consumer` (String) Consumer.
- `database` (String) Database name.
- `endpoint` (String) YDS Endpoint.
- `parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Data parsing rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser))
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account ID for interaction with database.
- `stream` (String) Stream.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.
- `supported_codecs` (List of String) List of supported compression codec.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser`

Optional:

- `audit_trails_v1_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse Audit Trails data. Empty struct. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--audit_trails_v1_parser))
- `cloud_logging_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse Cloud Logging data. Empty struct. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--cloud_logging_parser))
- `json_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) Parse data in json format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser))
- `tskv_parser` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--audit_trails_v1_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.audit_trails_v1_parser`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--cloud_logging_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.cloud_logging_parser`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.json_parser`

Optional:

- `add_rest_column` (Boolean)
- `data_schema` (Block List, Max: 1) Data parsing scheme. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema))
- `null_keys_allowed` (Boolean)
- `unescape_string_values` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.json_parser.data_schema`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List, Max: 1) Description of the data schema in the array of `fields` structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields))
- `json_fields` (String) Description of the data schema as JSON specification.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.json_parser.data_schema.fields`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List) Description of the data schema in the array of `fields` structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields--fields))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--json_parser--data_schema--fields--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.json_parser.data_schema.fields.fields`

Optional:

- `key` (Boolean) Mark field as Primary Key.
- `name` (String) Field name.
- `path` (String) Path to the field.
- `required` (Boolean) Mark field as required.
- `type` (String) Field type, one of: `INT64`, `INT32`, `INT16`, `INT8`, `UINT64`, `UINT32`, `UINT16`, `UINT8`, `DOUBLE`, `BOOLEAN`, `STRING`, `UTF8`, `ANY`, `DATETIME`.





<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.tskv_parser`

Optional:

- `add_rest_column` (Boolean)
- `data_schema` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema))
- `null_keys_allowed` (Boolean)
- `unescape_string_values` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.tskv_parser.data_schema`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields))
- `json_fields` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.tskv_parser.data_schema.fields`

Optional:

- `fields` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields--fields))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_source--parser--tskv_parser--data_schema--fields--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_source.parser.tskv_parser.data_schema.fields.fields`

Optional:

- `key` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `required` (Boolean)
- `type` (String)







<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_target`

Optional:

- `database` (String) Database.
- `endpoint` (String) YDS Endpoint.
- `save_tx_order` (Boolean) Save transaction order.
- `security_groups` (List of String) List of security groups that the transfer associated with this endpoint should use.
- `serializer` (Block List, Max: 1) Data serialization format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer))
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account ID for interaction with database.
- `stream` (String) Stream.
- `subnet_id` (String) Identifier of the Yandex Cloud VPC subnetwork to user for accessing the database. If omitted, the server has to be accessible via Internet.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_target.serializer`

Optional:

- `serializer_auto` (Block List, Max: 1) Empty block. Select data serialization format automatically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_auto))
- `serializer_debezium` (Block List, Max: 1) Serialize data in json format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_debezium))
- `serializer_json` (Block List, Max: 1) Empty block. Serialize data in json format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_json))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_auto"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_target.serializer.serializer_auto`


<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_debezium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_target.serializer.serializer_debezium`

Optional:

- `serializer_parameters` (Block List) A list of Debezium parameters set by the structure of the `key` and `value` string fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_debezium--serializer_parameters))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_debezium--serializer_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_target.serializer.serializer_debezium.serializer_parameters`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--settings--yds_target--serializer--serializer_json"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.yds_target.serializer.serializer_json`

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_datatransfer_endpoint.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_datatransfer_endpoint.my_dt_endpoint dtec2**********a38dp
```
