---
subcategory: Serverless Cloud Functions
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_function'
description: Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Function.
---

# yandex_function (Resource)

Allows management of [Yandex Cloud Function](https://yandex.cloud/docs/functions)

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Yandex Cloud Function
//
resource "yandex_function" "test-function" {
  name               = "some_name"
  description        = "any description"
  user_hash          = "any_user_defined_string"
  runtime            = "python37"
  entrypoint         = "main"
  memory             = "128"
  execution_timeout  = "10"
  service_account_id = "ajeih**********838kk"
  tags               = ["my_tag"]
  secrets {
    id                   = yandex_lockbox_secret.secret.id
    version_id           = yandex_lockbox_secret_version.secret_version.id
    key                  = "secret-key"
    environment_variable = "ENV_VARIABLE"
  }
  content {
    zip_filename = "function.zip"
  }
  mounts {
    name = "mnt"
    ephemeral_disk {
      size_gb = 32
    }
  }
  async_invocation {
    retries_count      = "3"
    service_account_id = "ajeih**********838kk"
    ymq_failure_target {
      service_account_id = "ajeqr**********qb76m"
      arn                = "yrn:yc:ymq:ru-central1:b1glr**********9hsfp:fail"
    }
    ymq_success_target {
      service_account_id = "ajeqr**********qb76m"
      arn                = "yrn:yc:ymq:ru-central1:b1glr**********9hsfp:success"
    }
  }
  log_options {
    log_group_id = "e2392**********eq9fr"
    min_level    = "ERROR"
  }
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new Yandex Cloud Function with mounted Object Storage Bucket.
//
resource "yandex_function" "test-function" {
  name               = "some_name"
  user_hash          = "v1"
  runtime            = "python37"
  entrypoint         = "index.handler"
  memory             = "128"
  execution_timeout  = "10"
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.sa.id
  content {
    zip_filename = "function.zip"
  }
  mounts {
    name = "mnt"
    mode = "ro"
    object_storage {
      bucket = yandex_storage_bucket.my-bucket.bucket
    }
  }
}

locals {
  folder_id = "folder_id"
}

resource "yandex_iam_service_account" "sa" {
  folder_id = local.folder_id
  name      = "test-sa"
}

resource "yandex_resourcemanager_folder_iam_member" "sa-editor" {
  folder_id = local.folder_id
  role      = "storage.editor"
  member    = "serviceAccount:${yandex_iam_service_account.sa.id}"
}

resource "yandex_iam_service_account_static_access_key" "sa-static-key" {
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.sa.id
  description        = "static access key for object storage"
}

resource "yandex_storage_bucket" "my-bucket" {
  access_key = yandex_iam_service_account_static_access_key.sa-static-key.access_key
  secret_key = yandex_iam_service_account_static_access_key.sa-static-key.secret_key
  bucket     = "bucket"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint for Yandex Cloud Function.
- `memory` (Number) Memory in megabytes (**aligned to 128MB**) for Yandex Cloud Function.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `runtime` (String) Runtime for Yandex Cloud Function.
- `user_hash` (String) User-defined string for current function version. User must change this string any times when function changed. Function will be updated when hash is changed.

### Optional

- `async_invocation` (Block List, Max: 1) Config for asynchronous invocations of Yandex Cloud Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--async_invocation))
- `concurrency` (Number) The maximum number of requests processed by a function instance at the same time.
- `connectivity` (Block List, Max: 1) Function version connectivity. If specified the version will be attached to specified network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectivity))
- `content` (Block List, Max: 1) Version deployment content for Yandex Cloud Function code. Can be only one `package` or `content` section. Either `package` or `content` section must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--content))
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `environment` (Map of String) A set of key/value environment variables for Yandex Cloud Function. Each key must begin with a letter (A-Z, a-z).
- `execution_timeout` (String) Execution timeout in seconds for Yandex Cloud Function.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for logging from Yandex Cloud Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_options))
- `metadata_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options set the access mode to function's metadata endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata_options))
- `mounts` (Block List) Mounts for Yandex Cloud Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts))
- `package` (Block List, Max: 1) Version deployment package for Yandex Cloud Function code. Can be only one `package` or `content` section. Either `package` or `content` section must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--package))
- `secrets` (Block List) Secrets for Yandex Cloud Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secrets))
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.
- `storage_mounts` (Block List, Deprecated) (**DEPRECATED**, use `mounts -> object_storage` instead). Storage mounts for Yandex Cloud Function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_mounts))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags for Yandex Cloud Function. Tag `$latest` isn't returned.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `tmpfs_size` (Number) Tmpfs size for Yandex Cloud Function.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_size` (Number) Image size for Yandex Cloud Function.
- `version` (String) Version of Yandex Cloud Function.

<a id="nestedblock--async_invocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `async_invocation`

Optional:

- `retries_count` (Number) Maximum number of retries for async invocation.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account used for async invocation.
- `ymq_failure_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Target for unsuccessful async invocation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--async_invocation--ymq_failure_target))
- `ymq_success_target` (Block List, Max: 1) Target for successful async invocation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--async_invocation--ymq_success_target))

<a id="nestedblock--async_invocation--ymq_failure_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `async_invocation.ymq_failure_target`

Required:

- `arn` (String) YMQ ARN.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account used for writing result to queue.


<a id="nestedblock--async_invocation--ymq_success_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `async_invocation.ymq_success_target`

Required:

- `arn` (String) YMQ ARN.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account used for writing result to queue.



<a id="nestedblock--connectivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectivity`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) Network the version will have access to. It's essential to specify network with subnets in all availability zones.


<a id="nestedblock--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Required:

- `zip_filename` (String) Filename to zip archive for the version.


<a id="nestedblock--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Is logging from function disabled.
- `folder_id` (String) Log entries are written to default log group for specified folder.
- `log_group_id` (String) Log entries are written to specified log group.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum log entry level.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_options`

Optional:

- `aws_v1_http_endpoint` (Number) Enables access to AWS flavored metadata (IMDSv1). Values: `0` - default, `1` - enabled, `2` - disabled.
- `gce_http_endpoint` (Number) Enables access to GCE flavored metadata. Values: `0`- default, `1` - enabled, `2` - disabled.


<a id="nestedblock--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the mount point. The directory where the target is mounted will be accessible at the `/function/storage/<mounts.0.name>` path.

Optional:

- `ephemeral_disk` (Block List, Max: 1) One of the available mount types. Disk available during the function execution time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts--ephemeral_disk))
- `mode` (String) Mount’s accessibility mode. Valid values are `ro` and `rw`.
- `object_storage` (Block List, Max: 1) One of the available mount types. Object storage as a mount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts--object_storage))

<a id="nestedblock--mounts--ephemeral_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.ephemeral_disk`

Required:

- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the ephemeral disk in GB.

Optional:

- `block_size_kb` (Number) Optional block size of the ephemeral disk in KB.


<a id="nestedblock--mounts--object_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.object_storage`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the mounting bucket.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix within the bucket. If you leave this field empty, the entire bucket will be mounted.



<a id="nestedblock--package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the bucket that stores the code for the version.
- `object_name` (String) Name of the object in the bucket that stores the code for the version.

Optional:

- `sha_256` (String) SHA256 hash of the version deployment package.


<a id="nestedblock--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `environment_variable` (String) Function's environment variable in which secret's value will be stored. Must begin with a letter (A-Z, a-z).
- `id` (String) Secret's ID.
- `key` (String) Secret's entries key which value will be stored in environment variable.
- `version_id` (String) Secret's version ID.


<a id="nestedblock--storage_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_mounts`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the mounting bucket.
- `mount_point_name` (String) Name of the mount point. The directory where the bucket is mounted will be accessible at the `/function/storage/<mount_point>` path.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix within the bucket. If you leave this field empty, the entire bucket will be mounted.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount the bucket in read-only mode.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_function.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_function.test-function d4e45**********pqvd3
```
