---
subcategory: Managed Service for Redis
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2'
description: Manages a Redis cluster within Yandex Cloud.
---

# yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2 (Resource)

Manages a Redis cluster within the Yandex Cloud. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://cloud.yandex.com/docs/managed-redis/). [How to connect to the DB](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/quickstart#connect). To connect, use port 6379. The port number is not configurable.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2" "foo" {
  name        = "test"
  environment = "PRESTABLE"
  network_id  = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id

  config = {
    password = "your_password"
    version  = "7.2-valkey"
  }

  resources = {
    resource_preset_id = "hm1.nano"
    disk_size          = 16
  }

  hosts = {
    "aaa" = {
      zone      = "ru-central1-a"
      subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
    }
  }

  maintenance_window = {
    type = "ANYTIME"
  }
}

resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-a"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.5.0.0/24"]
}
```

Example of creating a high available Redis Cluster.

```terraform
resource "yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2" "foo" {
  name        = "test"
  environment = "PRESTABLE"
  network_id  = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  sharded     = true

  config = {
    version  = "7.2-valkey"
    password = "your_password"
  }

  resources = {
    resource_preset_id = "hm1.nano"
    disk_size          = 16
  }


  hosts = {
    "host_sh1" = {
      zone       = "ru-central1-a"
      subnet_id  = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
      shard_name = "first"
    }

    "host_sh2" = {
      zone       = "ru-central1-b"
      subnet_id  = yandex_vpc_subnet.bar.id
      shard_name = "second"
    }

    "host_sh3" = {
      zone       = "ru-central1-c"
      subnet_id  = yandex_vpc_subnet.baz.id
      shard_name = "third"
    }
  }
}

resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-a"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.1.0.0/24"]
}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "bar" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-b"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.2.0.0/24"]
}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "baz" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-c"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.3.0.0/24"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Redis cluster.
- `hosts` (Attributes Map) A hosts of the Redis cluster as label:host_info pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosts))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allocated to hosts of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

### Optional

- `access` (Attributes) Access policy to the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `announce_hostnames` (Boolean) Announce fqdn instead of ip address. Can be either true or false.
- `auth_sentinel` (Boolean) Allows to use ACL users to auth in sentinel
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (Attributes) Disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Maintenance window settings of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `persistence_mode` (String) Persistence mode.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `sharded` (Boolean) Redis sharded mode. Can be either true or false.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) TLS port and functionality. Can be either true or false.

### Read-Only

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the Redis cluster. This ID is assigned by MDB at creation time.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Authentication password.
- `version` (String) Redis version.

Optional:

- `allow_data_loss` (Boolean) Allows some data to be lost in favor of faster switchover/restart. Can be either true or false.
- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) Retain period of automatically created backup in days.
- `backup_window_start` (Attributes) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backup_window_start))
- `client_output_buffer_limit_normal` (String) Redis connection output buffers limits for clients.
- `client_output_buffer_limit_pubsub` (String) Redis connection output buffers limits for pubsub operations.
- `cluster_allow_pubsubshard_when_down` (Boolean) Permits Pub/Sub shard operations when cluster is down. Can be either true or false.
- `cluster_allow_reads_when_down` (Boolean) Allows read operations when cluster is down. Can be either true or false.
- `cluster_require_full_coverage` (Boolean) Controls whether all hash slots must be covered by nodes. Can be either true or false.
- `databases` (Number) Number of database buckets on a single redis-server process.
- `io_threads_allowed` (Boolean) Allow redis to use io-threads. Can be either true or false.
- `lfu_decay_time` (Number) The time, in minutes, that must elapse in order for the key counter to be divided by two (or decremented if it has a value less <= 10).
- `lfu_log_factor` (Number) Determines how the frequency counter represents key hits.
- `lua_time_limit` (Number) Maximum time in milliseconds for Lua scripts, 0 - disabled mechanism.
- `maxmemory_percent` (Number) Redis maxmemory percent
- `maxmemory_policy` (String) Redis key eviction policy for a dataset that reaches maximum memory, available to the host.
- `notify_keyspace_events` (String) String setting for pub\sub functionality.
- `repl_backlog_size_percent` (Number) Replication backlog size as a percentage of flavor maxmemory.
- `slowlog_log_slower_than` (Number) Threshold for logging slow requests to server in microseconds (log only slower than it).
- `slowlog_max_len` (Number) Max slow requests number to log.
- `timeout` (Number) Time that Redis keeps the connection open while the client is idle.
- `turn_before_switchover` (Boolean) Allows to turn before switchover in RDSync. Can be either true or false.
- `use_luajit` (Boolean) Use JIT for lua scripts and functions. Can be either true or false.
- `zset_max_listpack_entries` (Number) Controls max number of entries in zset before conversion from memory-efficient listpack to CPU-efficient hash table and skiplist

<a id="nestedatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Required:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started.
- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started.



<a id="nestedatt--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosts`

Required:

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

Optional:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Assign a public IP address to the host. Can be either true or false.
- `replica_priority` (Number) A replica with a low priority number is considered better for promotion.
- `shard_name` (String) Shard Name of the host in the cluster.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the host is located.

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) Fully Qualified Domain Name. In other words, hostname.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.

Optional:

- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.


<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for Yandex DataLens. Can be either true or false.
- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for SQL queries in the management console. Can be either true or false.


<a id="nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_size_autoscaling`

Required:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Limit of disk size after autoscaling in bytes.

Optional:

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Immediate autoscaling disk usage (percent).
- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Maintenance window autoscaling disk usage (percent).


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window.

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window if window type is weekly.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window if window type is weekly.

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the cluster ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

After using import, you need to run terraform apply to pull up the host tags from the config to the state

```bash
# terraform import yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_mdb_redis_cluster_v2.my_cluster cluster_id
```
