---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_os_login_settings'
description: Allows management of OsLogin Settings within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_os_login_settings (Resource)

Allows management of OsLogin Settings within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OrganizationManager OS Login Settings.
//
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_os_login_settings" "my_settings" {
  organization_id = "sdf4*********3fr"
  user_ssh_key_settings {
    enabled               = true
    allow_manage_own_keys = true
  }
  ssh_certificate_settings {
    enabled = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization_id` (String) The organization to manage it's OsLogin Settings.

### Optional

- `ssh_certificate_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) SSH Certificate settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssh_certificate_settings))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_ssh_key_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Users SSH key settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_ssh_key_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--ssh_certificate_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh_certificate_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables usage of SSH certificates signed by trusted Certification Authority (CA).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--user_ssh_key_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_ssh_key_settings`

Optional:

- `allow_manage_own_keys` (Boolean) If set to true subject is allowed to manage own ssh keys without having to be assigned specific permissions.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables usage of ssh keys assigned to a specific subject.

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_os_login_settings.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_os_login_settings.my_settings ...
```
