---
subcategory: Resource Manager
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_resourcemanager_cloud'
description: Allows management of the Cloud resource.
---

# yandex_resourcemanager_cloud (Resource)

Allows creation and management of Cloud resources for an existing Yandex Cloud Organization. See [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/resource-manager/concepts/resources-hierarchy) for additional info. Note: deletion of clouds may take up to 30 minutes as it requires a lot of communication between cloud services.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Cloud.
//
resource "yandex_resourcemanager_cloud" "my_cloud" {
  organization_id = "my_organization_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `organization_id` (String) Yandex Cloud Organization that the cloud belongs to. If value is omitted, the default provider Organization ID is used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_resourcemanager_cloud.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_resourcemanager_cloud.my_cloud b1g3a**********qc5df
```
