---
subcategory: Serverless Integrations
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_serverless_eventrouter_connector'
description: Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Serverless Event Router Connector.
---

# yandex_serverless_eventrouter_connector (Resource)

Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Serverless Event Router Connector.



## Example Usage

```terraform
//
// TBD
//
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bus_id` (String) ID of the bus that the connector belongs to
- `name` (String) Name of the connector

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Deletion protection
- `description` (String) Description of the connector
- `labels` (Map of String) Connector labels
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `timer` (Block List) Timer source of the connector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timer))
- `yds` (Block List) Data Stream source of the connector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--yds))
- `ymq` (Block List) Message Queue source of the connector (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ymq))

### Read-Only

- `cloud_id` (String) ID of the cloud that the connector resides in
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp
- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder that the connector resides in
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedblock--timer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timer`

Required:

- `cron_expression` (String) Cron expression. Cron expression with seconds. Example: 0 45 16 ? * *

Optional:

- `payload` (String) Payload to be passed to bus
- `timezone` (String) Timezone in tz database format. Example: Europe/Moscow


<a id="nestedblock--yds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `yds`

Required:

- `consumer` (String) Consumer name
- `database` (String) Stream database
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account which has read permission on the stream
- `stream_name` (String) Stream name, absolute or relative


<a id="nestedblock--ymq"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ymq`

Required:

- `queue_arn` (String) Queue ARN. Example: yrn:yc:ymq:ru-central1:aoe***:test
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account which has read access to the queue

Optional:

- `batch_size` (Number) Batch size for polling
- `polling_timeout` (String) Queue polling timeout
- `visibility_timeout` (String) Queue visibility timeout override


## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_serverless_eventrouter_connector.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_serverless_eventrouter_connector.evr_con ...
```
