---
title: '{{ objstorage-full-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019'
description: This article covers the {{ objstorage-name }} pricing policy in effect from January 1 to March 1, 2019.
editable: false
noIndex: true
---

# {{ objstorage-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019

This is an old version of the policy, valid between January 1 and March 1, 2019. For the current {{ objstorage-name }} pricing policy, see [{#T}](../pricing.md).

## What goes into the cost of using {{ objstorage-short-name }} {#rules}

The {{ objstorage-name }} usage cost includes:

- Amount of storage used by your data.
- Number of operations with your data.
- Amount of outgoing traffic.

The following options are available:

- Cold storage: You pay less for data storage while data operations are costly. It is optimal for storing large volumes of data that you rarely use.
- Standard storage: Data storage is costly while you pay less for data operations. It is optimal for storing small amounts of data that you frequently use.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

### Using the storage {#rules-storage}

Storage usage is measured in GB per month. The volume of data stored for a month is calculated as the average value based on granulated per-second data. The minimum billing unit is 1 hour of storing 1 MB of data.

### Performing operations with data {#rules-operations}

You pay for data operations according to the following policy:
  - The minimum billing unit for PUT and POST operations is 10.
  - The minimum billing unit for GET and HEAD operations is 100.
  - You are not charged for deleting data (the DELETE operation).


## Pricing {#prices}

### Data storage {#prices-storage}

Monthly prices are provided for a 30-day month. The price is higher for shorter months and lower for longer months.

Service | Cost of 1 GB per month, without VAT | Cost of 1 GB per month, including VAT
----- | ----- | -----
Standard storage | ₽1.0508 | ₽1.2610
Cold storage | ₽0.5593 | ₽0.6712

Here is an example of proportional calculation. Let's assume a user stores 15 GB of data for 11.5 hours during a 30-day month. The total cost of storage can be calculated using the formula:

```text
Storage_cost = Cost_per_GB_per_month * 15 * 11.5 / 24 / 30
```

### Data operations {#prices-operations}

Service | Cost, rubles without VAT | Cost, rubles including VAT
----- | ----- | -----
**Standard storage** |  |
1,000 PUT and POST operations | ₽0.2542 | ₽0.3051
10,000 GET and HEAD operations | ₽0.2034 | ₽0.2441
**Cold storage** |  |
1,000 PUT and POST operations | ₽0.6186 | ₽0.7424
10,000 GET and HEAD operations | ₽0.5085 | ₽0.6102

{% note info %}

Data operations that result in an error are charged only in the following cases:
* Error code 403 for a GET or HEAD operation.
* Error code 404 for a PUT, POST, GET, or HEAD operation.

The cost is calculated based on the standard storage rates.

{% endnote %}


{% include [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01032019.md) %}
