---
title: "Terms of Use of {{ certificate-manager-full-name }}. Expired on February 20, 2023"
noIndex: true
---

# Terms of Use of {{ certificate-manager-full-name }}

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on February 20, 2023. The current version is available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/specific-terms/certificate-manager>.*

This document constitutes the Terms of Use {{ certificate-manager-full-name }} (the "Service") and is an integral part of CloudIL Services Agreement ("Agreement") and Service Terms set forth at [https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/service-terms](https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/service-terms). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Agreement and Linked Documents.

## 1. Functional Features of the Service {#features}

1.1. The Service allows the Customer to create the Certificates to be used for secure data transfer using TLS cryptographic protocols, as well as to manage the same to ensure the functioning of Certificate-related Customer resources located on or outside the Platform. The functionalities of the Service are fully described in the technical specifications and Service Guidelines available on the Site.

1.2. The Customer is provided with the following options as part of the Service:

* To create the Certificates generated by the Let's Encrypt® Certification Authority or third-party Certification Authorities.

* To apply the Certificates when using the Services on or outside the Platform.

* To save the Certificates.

* To manage the Certificate lifecycle.

* To Manage access rights to the Certificates.

* To delete the Certificates.

1.3. Other functionalities of the Service that CloudIL, at its discretion, makes available to the Customer. The list of functionalities is available to the Customer on the Site and/or in the Management Console.

1.4. The Service Level of the CloudIL {{ certificate-manager-full-name }} is not determined.

## 2. Pricing {#pricing}

2.1. The Service shall be free of charge.

2.2. Other additional services consumed by the Customer and related to the use of the Service may be charged as part of the Service. In this case, the relevant information shall be posted on the Website.

## 3. Service Use Restrictions {#restrictions}

3.1. The Service has a number of restrictions listed in the Quotas and Limits section of the Site.

## Definitions {#definitions}

Electronic Signature shall mean electronic data attached to other electronic data (data block) or cryptographic transformation of such a data block, which allows the recipient of the data block to verify the authenticity of the source and integrity of the data and protect the same from distortion / modification.

Certificate shall mean an electronic document inside the Service that contains a Public Key Certificate and a Private Key.

Private Key is a unique sequence of characters used to create an Electronic Signature and decrypt data.

Public Key Certificate is an electronic document containing the Public Key, information about the key owner, and the scope of key application, signed with an Electronic Signature by the Certification Authority that issued it and confirming that the public key belongs to the owner.

Certification Authority means a legal entity or authority performing the functions of creating and issuing Public Key Certificates.

Public Key is a unique sequence of characters that is expressly associated with a Private Key and is intended to verify the authenticity of an Electronic Signature and encrypt information.

________________________________________

**Cloud.IL Systems LTD**

Web address: [https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/specific-terms/certificate-manager](https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/specific-terms/certificate-manager)

Publication date: 10.11.2022
