---
title: "Terms of Use of {{ dns-name }}. Expired on February 20, 2023"
noIndex: true
---

# Terms of Use of {{ dns-name }}

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on February 20, 2023. The current version is available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/specific-terms/dns>.*

This document contains specific Terms of Use of {{ dns-name }} ("the Service") and is an integral part of CloudIL Services Agreement ("Agreement") and Service Terms set forth at <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/service-terms>. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Agreement and Linked Documents.

## 1. Functional Features of the Service {#features}

1.1. The Service allows the Customer to interact and work with DNS-queries, DNS-records and DNS-zones.

1.2. Functional Features of the Service:

1.2.1. creating and managing of public and private DNS-zones;

1.2.2. creating and managing of DNS-records;

1.2.3. processing of DNS-requests;

1.2.4. other functional features of the Service, which CloudIL makes available to the Customer. Functional features of the Service are described in Documentation on Site.

1.3. Service Level is determined for the Service in accordance with SLA.

## 2. Tariffication of the Service {#tariffication}

2.1. The use of the Service is chargeable.

2.2. Service Fee for the Service is determined in accordance with the tariffs and billing units specified on Site. CloudIL may change Service Rates as prescribed by Agreement.

2.3. Service Fee for the Service depends on the number of managed DNS-zones and processed DNS-requests.

2.4. CloudIL may from time to time provide the Customer with additional functional features of the Service for an additional fee.

## 3. Limitations {#limitations}

3.1. The list of additional limitations of the Service specified on Site in "Quotas and Limits" section.

## Definitions {#definitions}

DNS (Domain Name System) is a hierarchical and decentralized system designed to obtain information about domains and to manage DNS-records and DNS-zones.

DNS-server (Domain Name Server) means software included in the Service, designed to process DNS-requests.

DNS-request is a Customer's request containing the domain name to be processed.

DNS-record is a unit of storage and transmission of information in DNS. Each DNS-record has a name, type and data field, the format and content of which depends on the type of record.

DNS-zone is a part of hierarchy of domain names (including DNS-records), hosted as a single unit on the DNS-server.

________________________________________

**Cloud.IL Systems LTD**

Web address: <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/specific-terms/dns>

Publication date: 10.11.2022
