---
title: "Terms of Use of {{ objstorage-full-name }}. Expired on February 20, 2023"
noIndex: true
---

# Terms of Use of {{ objstorage-full-name }}

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on February 20, 2023. The current version is available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/specific-terms/storage>.*

This document contains specific Terms of Use of {{ objstorage-full-name }} ("the Service") and is an integral part of CloudIL Services Agreement ("Agreement") and Service Terms set forth at <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/service-terms>. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Agreement and Linked Documents.

## 1. Functional Features of the Service {#features}

1.1. The Service is a universal scalable solution for data storage. Customer may place Objects in {{ objstorage-full-name }}, view, change, delete Objects, manage third-party access, store large volumes of archived data, and perform other actions with Objects stipulated by functional features of the Service.

1.2. As part of the Service, the following two types of storage are available: Standard Storage and Cold Storage.

1.3. Customer may:

1.3.1. upload to Platform Content for public or limited remote access, place website statistical files or data for a distributed team, save archival data;

1.3.2. secure the storage and delivery of Content for both applications placed in {{ objstorage-full-name }} and applications external to {{ objstorage-full-name }};

1.3.3. other functional features of the Service, which CloudIL makes available to Customer. Functional features of the Service are described in Documentation on Site.

1.4. Service Level for the Service is determined in SLA.

## 2. Pricing {#pricing}

2.1. The use of the Service is chargeable.

2.2. Service Fee for the Service is determined as per Service Rates and billing units specified on Site. CloudIL may change Service Rates as prescribed by Agreement.

2.3. Service Fee for the Service depends on the type of storage selected, the amount of storage used by Customer\'s data (disk space) and the number of operations on Customer\'s data.

2.4. As part of the Service the volume of Outgoing Traffic passing through {{ objstorage-full-name }} and other additional benefits used by Customer and related to the use of the Service are charged separately.

2.5. CloudIL may from time to time provide Customer with additional functional features of the Service for an additional fee.

## 3. Definitions {#definitions}

"Cold Storage" means a type of {{ objstorage-full-name }} with a lower rate for data storage and a higher rate for operations performed.

"Object" means data and Content placed in {{ objstorage-full-name }} and uploaded by Customer.

"Object Storage" means a universal cloud scalable solution based on computing resources of Platform, designed to store and perform other operations with Objects.

________________________________________

**Cloud.IL Systems LTD**

Web address: <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/specific-terms/storage>

Publication date: 10.11.2022
