---
title: "Terms of Use of {{ vpc-full-name }}. Expired on February 20, 2023"
noIndex: true
---

# Terms of Use of {{ vpc-full-name }}

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on February 20, 2023. The current version is available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/specific-terms/vpc>.*

This document contains specific Terms of Use of {{ vpc-full-name }} ("the Service") and is an integral part of CloudIL Services Agreement ("Agreement") and Service Terms set forth at <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/service-terms>. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Agreement and Linked Documents.

## 1. Functional Features of the Service {#features}

1.1. The Service allows Customer to create cloud networks, to manage the transfer and exchange of information between cloud resources within Platform and the transfer of information to other information systems, to use URLs of cloud resources and to use other functional features of the Service.

1.2. The functional features of the Service are fully described in Documentation of the Service posted on Site.

1.3. The use of the Service may be limited by Quotas and Limits described on Site and/or in the Management Console.

1.4. Service level is determined for the Service in accordance with SLA.

## 2. Pricing {#pricing}

2.1. Service Fee for the Service depends on using of public IP addresses. Service Fee for the Service is determined as per Service Rates and billing units specified on Site.

2.2. Other functional features of the Service are not charged separately and are available to Customer subject to use of virtual computing resources of Platform under other paid Services.

2.3. CloudIL may from time to time provide Customer with additional functional features of the Service for an additional fee.

## 3. Limitations {#limitations}

3.1. CloudIL is entitled, without prior notice, to limit access to the public IP address provided to Customer, in the event of DDoS-attacks on the virtual computing resources used by Customer with the above IP address, if this DDoS-attack may cause in disruption of Platform's normal operation.

3.2. CloudIL notifies Customer on the limitations specified in clause 3.1 hereof, within 48 hours from the date of imposition of such limitation.

## 4. Definitions {#definitions}

"DDoS-attack" means coordinated activity of a group of devices connected to the Internet, aimed at exhaustion of the Platform's network or computing resources.

"SYN-flood" means a type of DDoS-attack that consists of sending a large number of SYN-requests (connection requests using the TCP protocol) in a short time.

________________________________________

**Cloud.IL Systems LTD**

Web address: <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/specific-terms/vpc>

Publication date: 10.11.2022
