---
editable: false

__system: {"dislikeVariants":["Нет ответа на мой вопрос","Рекомендации не помогли","Содержание не соответсвует заголовку","Другое"]}
---


# Method list
Retrieves the list of Image resources in the specified folder.
 

 
## HTTP request {#https-request}
```
GET https://compute.api.cloud.yandex.net/compute/v1/images
```
 
## Query parameters {#query_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
folderId | Required. ID of the folder to list images in. To get the folder ID, use a [list](/docs/resource-manager/api-ref/Folder/list) request.  The maximum string length in characters is 50.
pageSize | The maximum number of results per page to return. If the number of available results is larger than [pageSize](/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/list#query_params), the service returns a [nextPageToken](/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/list#responses) that can be used to get the next page of results in subsequent list requests.  The maximum value is 1000.
pageToken | Page token. To get the next page of results, set [pageToken](/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/list#query_params) to the [nextPageToken](/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/list#responses) returned by a previous list request.  The maximum string length in characters is 100.
filter | A filter expression that filters resources listed in the response. The expression must specify: 1. The field name. Currently you can use filtering only on the [Image.name](/docs/compute/api-ref/Image#representation) field. 2. An operator. Can be either `=` or `!=` for single values, `IN` or `NOT IN` for lists of values. 3. The value. Must be 3-63 characters long and match the regular expression `^[a-z]([-a-z0-9]{,61}[a-z0-9])?$`.  The maximum string length in characters is 1000.
 
## Response {#responses}
**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

```json 
{
  "images": [
    {
      "id": "string",
      "folderId": "string",
      "createdAt": "string",
      "name": "string",
      "description": "string",
      "labels": "object",
      "family": "string",
      "storageSize": "string",
      "minDiskSize": "string",
      "productIds": [
        "string"
      ],
      "status": "string",
      "os": {
        "type": "string"
      }
    }
  ],
  "nextPageToken": "string"
}
```

 
Field | Description
--- | ---
images[] | **object**<br><p>An Image resource.</p> 
images[].<br>id | **string**<br><p>ID of the image.</p> 
images[].<br>folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the image belongs to.</p> 
images[].<br>createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>String in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format.</p> 
images[].<br>name | **string**<br><p>Name of the image. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
images[].<br>description | **string**<br><p>Description of the image. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
images[].<br>labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as ``key:value`` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
images[].<br>family | **string**<br><p>The name of the image family to which this image belongs.</p> <p>You can get the most recent image from a family by using the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/getLatestByFamily">getLatestByFamily</a> request and create the disk from this image.</p> 
images[].<br>storageSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>The size of the image, specified in bytes.</p> 
images[].<br>minDiskSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Minimum size of the disk which will be created from this image.</p> 
images[].<br>productIds[] | **string**<br><p>License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource. License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.</p> <p>The correct license ID is generated by Yandex.Cloud. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.</p> <p>If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image. For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Yandex Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost. You can specify them in the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/create">create</a> request.</p> 
images[].<br>status | **string**<br><p>Current status of the image.</p> <ul> <li>CREATING: Image is being created.</li> <li>READY: Image is ready to use.</li> <li>ERROR: Image encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>DELETING: Image is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
images[].<br>os | **object**<br><p>Operating system that is contained in the image.</p> 
images[].<br>os.<br>type | **string**<br><p>Operating system type. The default is ``LINUX``.</p> <p>This field is used to correctly emulate a vCPU and calculate the cost of using an instance.</p> <ul> <li>LINUX: Linux operating system.</li> <li>WINDOWS: Windows operating system.</li> </ul> 
nextPageToken | **string**<br><p>This token allows you to get the next page of results for list requests. If the number of results is larger than <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Snapshot/list#query_params">pageSize</a>, use the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/list#responses">nextPageToken</a> as the value for the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Snapshot/list#query_params">pageToken</a> query parameter in the next list request. Each subsequent list request will have its own <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/list#responses">nextPageToken</a> to continue paging through the results.</p> 