# Method get
Returns the specified Instance resource.
 
To get the list of available Instance resources, make a [list](/docs/compute/api-ref/Instance/list) request.
 
## HTTP request {#https-request}
```
GET https://compute.api.cloud.yandex.net/compute/v1/instances/{instanceId}
```
 
## Path parameters {#path_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
instanceId | Required. ID of the Instance resource to return. To get the instance ID, use a [list](/docs/compute/api-ref/Instance/list) request.  The maximum string length in characters is 50.
 
## Query parameters {#query_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
view | Defines which information about the Instance resource should be returned in the server response.
 
## Response {#responses}
**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

An Instance resource. For more information, see [Instances](/docs/compute/concepts/vm).
 
Field | Description
--- | ---
id | **string**<br><p>ID of the instance.</p> 
folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the instance belongs to.</p> 
createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>Creation timestamp in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format.</p> 
name | **string**<br><p>Name of the instance. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
description | **string**<br><p>Description of the instance. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as <code>key:value</code> pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
zoneId | **string**<br><p>ID of the availability zone where the instance resides.</p> 
platformId | **string**<br><p>ID of the hardware platform configuration for the instance.</p> 
resources | **object**<br><p>Computing resources of the instance such as the amount of memory and number of cores.</p> 
resources.<br>memory | **string** (int64)<br><p>The amount of memory available to the instance, specified in bytes.</p> 
resources.<br>cores | **string** (int64)<br><p>The number of cores available to the instance.</p> 
resources.<br>coreFraction | **string** (int64)<br><p>Baseline level of CPU performance with the ability to burst performance above that baseline level. This field sets baseline performance for each core.</p> 
status | **string**<br><p>Status of the instance.</p> <ul> <li>PROVISIONING: Instance is waiting for resources to be allocated.</li> <li>RUNNING: Instance is running normally.</li> <li>STOPPING: Instance is being stopped.</li> <li>STOPPED: Instance stopped.</li> <li>STARTING: Instance is being started.</li> <li>RESTARTING: Instance is being restarted.</li> <li>UPDATING: Instance is being updated.</li> <li>ERROR: Instance encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>CRASHED: Instance crashed and will be restarted automatically.</li> <li>DELETING: Instance is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
metadata | **object**<br><p>The metadata key/value pairs assigned to this instance. This includes custom metadata and predefined keys.</p> <p>For example, you may use the metadata in order to provide your public SSH key to the instance. For more information, see <a href="/docs/compute/concepts/vm-metadata">Metadata</a>.</p> 
bootDisk | **object**<br><p>Boot disk that is attached to the instance.</p> 
bootDisk.<br>mode | **string**<br><p>Access mode to the Disk resource.</p> <ul> <li>READ_ONLY: Read-only access.</li> <li>READ_WRITE: Read/Write access.</li> </ul> 
bootDisk.<br>deviceName | **string**<br><p>Serial number that is reflected into the /dev/disk/by-id/ tree of a Linux operating system running within the instance.</p> <p>This value can be used to reference the device for mounting, resizing, and so on, from within the instance.</p> 
bootDisk.<br>autoDelete | **boolean** (boolean)<br><p>Specifies whether the disk will be auto-deleted when the instance is deleted.</p> 
bootDisk.<br>diskId | **string**<br><p>ID of the disk that is attached to the instance.</p> 
secondaryDisks | **object**<br><p>Array of secondary disks that are attached to the instance.</p> 
secondaryDisks.<br>mode | **string**<br><p>Access mode to the Disk resource.</p> <ul> <li>READ_ONLY: Read-only access.</li> <li>READ_WRITE: Read/Write access.</li> </ul> 
secondaryDisks.<br>deviceName | **string**<br><p>Serial number that is reflected into the /dev/disk/by-id/ tree of a Linux operating system running within the instance.</p> <p>This value can be used to reference the device for mounting, resizing, and so on, from within the instance.</p> 
secondaryDisks.<br>autoDelete | **boolean** (boolean)<br><p>Specifies whether the disk will be auto-deleted when the instance is deleted.</p> 
secondaryDisks.<br>diskId | **string**<br><p>ID of the disk that is attached to the instance.</p> 
networkInterfaces | **object**<br><p>Array of network interfaces that are attached to the instance.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>index | **string**<br><p>The index of the network interface, generated by the server, 0,1,2... etc. Currently only one network interface is supported per instance.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>macAddress | **string**<br><p>MAC address that is assigned to the network interface.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>subnetId | **string**<br><p>ID of the subnet.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV4Address | **object**<br><p>Primary IPv4 address that is assigned to the instance for this network interface.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV4Address.<br>address | **string**<br><p>An IPv4 internal network address that is assigned to the instance for this network interface.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV4Address.<br>oneToOneNat | **object**<br><p>One-to-one NAT configuration. If missing, NAT has not been set up.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV4Address.<br>oneToOneNat.<br>address | **string**<br><p>An external IP address associated with this instance.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV4Address.<br>oneToOneNat.<br>ipVersion | **string**<br><p>IP version for the external IP address.</p> <ul> <li>IPV4: IPv4 address, for example 192.0.2.235.</li> <li>IPV6: IPv6 address, for example 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334.</li> </ul> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV6Address | **object**<br><p>Primary IPv6 address that is assigned to the instance for this network interface. IPv6 not available yet.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV6Address.<br>address | **string**<br><p>An IPv4 internal network address that is assigned to the instance for this network interface.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV6Address.<br>oneToOneNat | **object**<br><p>One-to-one NAT configuration. If missing, NAT has not been set up.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV6Address.<br>oneToOneNat.<br>address | **string**<br><p>An external IP address associated with this instance.</p> 
networkInterfaces.<br>primaryV6Address.<br>oneToOneNat.<br>ipVersion | **string**<br><p>IP version for the external IP address.</p> <ul> <li>IPV4: IPv4 address, for example 192.0.2.235.</li> <li>IPV6: IPv6 address, for example 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334.</li> </ul> 
fqdn | **string**<br><p>A domain name of the instance. FQDN is defined by the server in the format <code>&lt;hostname&gt;.&lt;region_id&gt;.internal</code> when the instance is created. If the hostname were not specified when the instance was created, FQDN would be <code>&lt;id&gt;.auto.internal</code>.</p> 