---
subcategory: Yandex API Gateway
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_api_gateway'
description: Get information about a Yandex Cloud API Gateway.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/api_gateway.md
---

# yandex_api_gateway (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Cloud API Gateway. For more information, see the official documentation [Yandex Cloud API Gateway](https://yandex.cloud/docs/api-gateway/).

~> Either `api_gateway_id` or `name` must be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing API Gateway
//
data "yandex_api_gateway" "my-api-gateway" {
  name = "my-api-gateway"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_gateway_id` (String) Yandex Cloud API Gateway id used to define api gateway.
- `canary` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--canary))
- `connectivity` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectivity))
- `custom_domains` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_domains))
- `execution_timeout` (String) Execution timeout in seconds for the Yandex Cloud API Gateway.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `variables` (Map of String) A set of values for variables in gateway specification.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `domain` (String) Default domain for the Yandex Cloud API Gateway. Generated at creation time.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_group_id` (String) ID of the log group for the Yandex Cloud API Gateway.
- `log_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_options))
- `status` (String) Status of the Yandex Cloud API Gateway.
- `user_domains` (Set of String, Deprecated) ~> **DEPRECATED** Use `custom_domains` instead. Set of user domains attached to Yandex Cloud API Gateway.

<a id="nestedblock--canary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `canary`

Optional:

- `variables` (Map of String) A list of values for variables in gateway specification of canary release.

- `weight` (Number) Percentage of requests, which will be processed by canary release.



<a id="nestedblock--connectivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectivity`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) Network the gateway will have access to. It's essential to specify network with subnets in all availability zones.



<a id="nestedblock--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Required:

- `certificate_id` (String)
- `fqdn` (String)

Optional:

- `domain_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Is logging from Yandex Cloud API Gateway disabled.

- `folder_id` (String) Log entries are written to default log group for specified folder.

- `log_group_id` (String) Log entries are written to specified log group.

- `min_level` (String) Minimum log entry level.

