---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_disk'
description: Get information about a Yandex Compute disk.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/compute_disk.md
---

# yandex_compute_disk (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Compute disk. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/disk).

{% note warning %}

One of `disk_id` or `name` should be specified.

{% endnote %}


## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Compute Disk.
//
data "yandex_compute_disk" "my_disk" {
  disk_id = "some_disk_id"
}

// You can use "data.yandex_compute_disk.my_disk.id" identifier 
// as reference to the existing resource.
resource "yandex_compute_instance" "default" {
  # ...

  secondary_disk {
    disk_id = data.yandex_compute_disk.my_disk.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `disk_id` (String) The ID of a specific disk.
- `disk_placement_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk_placement_policy))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `block_size` (Number) Block size of the disk, specified in bytes.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `hardware_generation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware_generation))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_id` (String) The source image to use for disk creation.
- `instance_ids` (List of String)
- `kms_key_id` (String) ID of KMS symmetric key used to encrypt disk.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `product_ids` (List of String)
- `size` (Number) Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this field when creating a persistent disk using the `image_id` or `snapshot_id` parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty persistent disk. If you specify this field along with `image_id` or `snapshot_id`, the size value must not be less than the size of the source image or the size of the snapshot.
- `snapshot_id` (String) The source snapshot to use for disk creation.
- `status` (String) The status of the disk.
- `type` (String) Type of disk to create. Provide this when creating a disk.
- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

<a id="nestedblock--disk_placement_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_placement_policy`

Required:

- `disk_placement_group_id` (String) Specifies Disk Placement Group id.



<a id="nestedatt--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Read-Only:

- `generation2_features` (Block List, Max: 1) A newer hardware generation, which always uses `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2` and UEFI boot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features))

- `legacy_features` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the first known hardware generation and its features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features))


<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Read-Only:

- `pci_topology` (String) A variant of PCI topology, one of `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V1` or `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2`.

