---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_instance'
description: Get information about a Yandex Compute Instance.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/compute_instance.md
---

# yandex_compute_instance (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Compute instance. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/vm).

{% note warning %}

One of `instance_id` or `name` should be specified.

{% endnote %}


## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Compute Instance.
//
data "yandex_compute_instance" "my_instance" {
  instance_id = "some_instance_id"
}

output "instance_external_ip" {
  value = data.yandex_compute_instance.my_instance.network_interface.0.nat_ip_address
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filesystem` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filesystem))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `gpu_cluster_id` (String) ID of the GPU cluster to attach this instance to.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of a specific instance.
- `local_disk` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_disk))
- `maintenance_grace_period` (String) Time between notification via metadata service and maintenance. E.g., `60s`.
- `maintenance_policy` (String) Behavior on maintenance events. Can be: `unspecified`, `migrate`, `restart`. The default is `unspecified`.
- `metadata_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata_options))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `placement_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--placement_policy))

### Read-Only

- `boot_disk` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_disk))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified DNS name of this instance.
- `hardware_generation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware_generation))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata key/value pairs to make available from within the instance.
- `network_acceleration_type` (String) Type of network acceleration. Can be `standard` or `software_accelerated`. The default is `standard`.
- `network_interface` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))
- `platform_id` (String) The type of virtual machine to create.
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `scheduling_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduling_policy))
- `secondary_disk` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secondary_disk))
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of this instance.
- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

<a id="nestedblock--filesystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filesystem`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Mode of access to the filesystem that should be attached. By default, filesystem is attached in `READ_WRITE` mode.


Read-Only:

- `device_name` (String) Name of the device representing the filesystem on the instance.

- `filesystem_id` (String) ID of the filesystem that should be attached.



<a id="nestedblock--local_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_disk`

Required:

- `size_bytes` (Number) Size of the disk, specified in bytes.


Read-Only:

- `device_name` (String) The name of the local disk device.



<a id="nestedblock--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_options`

Optional:

- `aws_v1_http_endpoint` (Number)
- `aws_v1_http_token` (Number)
- `gce_http_endpoint` (Number)
- `gce_http_token` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--placement_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement_policy`

Optional:

- `host_affinity_rules` (List of Object) List of host affinity rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--placement_policy--host_affinity_rules))

- `placement_group_id` (String) Specifies the id of the Placement Group to assign to the instance.

- `placement_group_partition` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--placement_policy--host_affinity_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement_policy.host_affinity_rules`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `op` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_disk`

Read-Only:

- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Defines whether the disk will be auto-deleted when the instance is deleted. The default value is `True`.

- `device_name` (String) Name that can be used to access an attached disk.

- `disk_id` (String) The ID of the existing disk (such as those managed by `yandex_compute_disk`) to attach as a boot disk.

- `initialize_params` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for a new disk that will be created alongside the new instance. Either `initialize_params` or `disk_id` must be set. Either `image_id` or `snapshot_id` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--boot_disk--initialize_params))

- `mode` (String) Type of access to the disk resource. By default, a disk is attached in `READ_WRITE` mode.


<a id="nestedobjatt--boot_disk--initialize_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_disk.initialize_params`

Read-Only:

- `block_size` (Number) Block size of the disk, specified in bytes.

- `description` (String) Description of the boot disk.

- `image_id` (String) A disk image to initialize this disk from.

- `kms_key_id` (String) ID of KMS symmetric key used to encrypt disk.

- `name` (String) Name of the boot disk.

- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in GB.

- `snapshot_id` (String) A snapshot to initialize this disk from.

- `type` (String) Disk type.




<a id="nestedatt--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Read-Only:

- `generation2_features` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features)) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features))

- `legacy_features` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features)) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features))


<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Read-Only:

- `pci_topology` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `dns_record` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv4 DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--network_interface--dns_record))

- `index` (Number) Index of network interface, will be calculated automatically for instance create or update operations if not specified. Required for attach/detach operations.

- `ip_address` (String) The private IP address to assign to the instance. If empty, the address will be automatically assigned from the specified subnet.

- `ipv4` (Boolean) Allocate an IPv4 address for the interface. The default value is `true`.

- `ipv6` (Boolean) If `true`, allocate an IPv6 address for the interface. The address will be automatically assigned from the specified subnet.

- `ipv6_address` (String) The private IPv6 address to assign to the instance.

- `ipv6_dns_record` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv6 DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--network_interface--ipv6_dns_record))

- `mac_address` (String)
- `nat` (Boolean) Provide a public address, for instance, to access the internet over NAT.

- `nat_dns_record` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv4 NAT DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--network_interface--nat_dns_record))

- `nat_ip_address` (String) Provide a public address, for instance, to access the internet over NAT. Address should be already reserved in web UI.

- `nat_ip_version` (String)
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Security Group (SG) IDs for network interface.

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to attach this interface to. The subnet must exist in the same zone where this instance will be created.


<a id="nestedobjatt--network_interface--dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface.dns_record`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone used).

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN (must have a dot at the end).

- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.

- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL in seconds.



<a id="nestedobjatt--network_interface--ipv6_dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface.ipv6_dns_record`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone used).

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN (must have a dot at the end).

- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.

- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL in seconds.



<a id="nestedobjatt--network_interface--nat_dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface.nat_dns_record`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone used).

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN (must have a dot at the end).

- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.

- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL in seconds.




<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `core_fraction` (Number) If provided, specifies baseline performance for a core as a percent.

- `cores` (Number) CPU cores for the instance.

- `gpus` (Number) If provided, specifies the number of GPU devices for the instance.

- `memory` (Number) Memory size in GB.



<a id="nestedatt--scheduling_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling_policy`

Read-Only:

- `preemptible` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance is preemptible. Defaults to `false`.



<a id="nestedatt--secondary_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secondary_disk`

Read-Only:

- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Whether the disk is auto-deleted when the instance is deleted. The default value is `false`.

- `device_name` (String) Name that can be used to access an attached disk under `/dev/disk/by-id/`.

- `disk_id` (String) ID of the disk that is attached to the instance.

- `mode` (String) Type of access to the disk resource. By default, a disk is attached in `READ_WRITE` mode.

