---
subcategory: Container Registry
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_container_repository_lifecycle_policy'
description: Get information about a Yandex Container Repository Lifecycle Policy.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/container_repository_lifecycle_policy.md
---

# yandex_container_repository_lifecycle_policy (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Container Repository. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/container-registry/concepts/lifecycle-policy).

~> Either `lifecycle_policy_id` or `name` and `repository_id` must be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Container Repository Lifecycle Policy.
//
data "yandex_container_repository_lifecycle_policy" "my_lifecycle_policy_by_id" {
  lifecycle_policy_id = yandex_container_repository_lifecycle_policy.my_lifecycle_policy.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `lifecycle_policy_id` (String) The ID of a specific Lifecycle Policy.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `repository_id` (String) The ID of the repository that the resource belongs to.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `rule` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))
- `status` (String) The status of lifecycle policy. Must be `active` or `disabled`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the lifecycle policy.

- `expire_period` (String) The period of time that must pass after creating a image for it to suit the automatic deletion criteria. It must be a multiple of 24 hours.

- `retained_top` (Number) The number of images to be retained even if the `expire_period` already expired.

- `tag_regexp` (String) Tag to specify a filter as a regular expression. For example `.*` - all images with tags.

- `untagged` (Boolean) If enabled, rules apply to untagged Docker images.

