---
subcategory: Identity and Access Management (IAM)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iam_policy'
description: Generates an IAM policy that can be referenced by other resources and applied to them.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/iam_policy.md
---

# yandex_iam_policy (Data Source)

Generates an [IAM](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/) policy document that may be referenced by and applied to other Yandex Cloud Platform resources, such as the `yandex_resourcemanager_folder` resource.

This data source is used to define [IAM](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/) policies to apply to other resources. Currently, defining a policy through a data source and referencing that policy from another resource is the only way to apply an IAM policy to a resource.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing IAM Policy.
//
data "yandex_iam_policy" "admin" {
  binding {
    role = "admin"

    members = [
      "userAccount:user_id_1"
    ]
  }

  binding {
    role = "viewer"

    members = [
      "userAccount:user_id_2"
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `binding` (Block Set, Min: 1) Defines a binding to be included in the policy document. Multiple `binding` arguments are supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--binding))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `policy_data` (String) The above bindings serialized in a format suitable for referencing from a resource that supports IAM.

<a id="nestedblock--binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `binding`

Required:

- `members` (Set of String) An array of identities that will be granted the privilege in the `role`. Each entry can have one of the following values:
* **userAccount:{user_id}**: A unique user ID that represents a specific Yandex account.
* **serviceAccount:{service_account_id}**: A unique service account ID.
* **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}:**: A unique saml federation user account ID.
* **group:{group_id}**: A unique group ID.
* **system:group:federation:{federation_id}:users**: All users in federation.
* **system:group:organization:{organization_id}:users**: All users in organization.
* **system:allAuthenticatedUsers**: All authenticated users.
* **system:allUsers**: All users, including unauthenticated ones.

~> For more information about system groups, see the [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/access-control/system-group).
- `role` (String) The role/permission that will be granted to the members. See the [IAM Roles](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/access-control/roles) documentation for a complete list of roles.
