---
subcategory: Identity and Access Management (IAM)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iam_oauth_client'
description: Get information about an OAuthClient.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/iam_oauth_client.md
---

# yandex_iam_oauth_client (Data Source)

An OauthClient resource.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about an existing OAuthClient.
//
data "yandex_iam_oauth_client" "my-oauth-client-data" {
  oauth_client_id = "aje5a**********qspd3"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder oauth client belongs to.
- `id` (String) ID of the OAuthClient resource to return.
 To get the oauth client ID, use a [OAuthClientService.List] request.
- `oauth_client_id` (String) ID of the OAuthClient resource to return.
 To get the oauth client ID, use a [OAuthClientService.List] request.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) Name for the oauth client.
- `redirect_uris` (List of String) List of redirect uries allowed for the oauth client.
- `scopes` (List of String) List of oauth scopes requested by the oauth client.
- `status` (String) Current status of the oauth client.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).