---
subcategory: IoT Core
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iot_core_registry'
description: Get information about a Yandex Cloud IoT Core Registry.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/iot_core_registry.md
---

# yandex_iot_core_registry (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex IoT Core Registry. For more information IoT Core, see [Yandex Cloud IoT Registry](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iot-core/quickstart).
This data source is used to define [Yandex Cloud IoT Registry](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iot-core/quickstart) that can be used by other resources.

~> Either `registry_id` or `name` must be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing IoT Core Registry.
//
data "yandex_iot_core_registry" "my_registry" {
  registry_id = "are1sampleregistry11"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `registry_id` (String) IoT Core Registry id used to define registry.

### Read-Only

- `certificates` (Set of String) A set of certificate's fingerprints for the IoT Core Registry.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_options))
- `passwords` (Set of String) A set of passwords's id for the IoT Core Registry.

<a id="nestedatt--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Is logging for registry disabled.

- `folder_id` (String) Log entries are written to default log group for specified folder.

- `log_group_id` (String) Log entries are written to specified log group.

- `min_level` (String) Minimum log entry level.

