---
subcategory: Load Testing
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_loadtesting_agent'
description: Get information about a Yandex Load Testing Agent.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/loadtesting_agent.md
---

# yandex_loadtesting_agent (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Load Testing Agent.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing LoadTesting Agent.
//
data "yandex_loadtesting_agent" "my_agent" {
  agent_id = "some_agent_id"
}

output "instance_external_ip" {
  value = data.yandex_loadtesting_agent.my_agent.compute_instance.0.network_interface.0.nat_ip_address
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agent_id` (String) The ID of a specific load testing agent.

### Optional

- `log_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_settings))

### Read-Only

- `compute_instance` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute_instance))
- `compute_instance_id` (String) Compute Instance ID.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

<a id="nestedblock--log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_settings`

Optional:

- `log_group_id` (String) The ID of cloud logging group to which the load testing agent sends logs.



<a id="nestedatt--compute_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance`

Read-Only:

- `boot_disk` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Boot disk specifications for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk))

- `computed_labels` (Map of String) The set of labels `key:value` pairs assigned to this instance. This includes user custom `labels` and predefined items created by Yandex Cloud Load Testing.

- `computed_metadata` (Map of String) The set of metadata `key:value` pairs assigned to this instance. This includes user custom `metadata`, and predefined items created by Yandex Cloud Load Testing.

- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the instance.

- `metadata` (Map of String) A set of metadata key/value pairs to make available from within the instance.

- `network_interface` (Block List, Min: 1) Network specifications for the instance. This can be used multiple times for adding multiple interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--network_interface))

- `platform_id` (String) The Compute platform for virtual machine.

- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Compute resource specifications for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--resources))

- `service_account_id` (String) The ID of the service account authorized for this load testing agent. Service account should have `loadtesting.generatorClient` or `loadtesting.externalAgent` role in the folder.

- `zone_id` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.


<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.boot_disk`

Read-Only:

- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Whether the disk is auto-deleted when the instance is deleted. The default value is true.

- `device_name` (String) This value can be used to reference the device under `/dev/disk/by-id/`.

- `disk_id` (String) The ID of created disk.

- `initialize_params` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Parameters for creating a disk alongside the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk--initialize_params))


<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk--initialize_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.boot_disk.initialize_params`

Read-Only:

- `block_size` (Number) Block size of the disk, specified in bytes.

- `description` (String) A description of the boot disk.

- `name` (String) A name of the boot disk.

- `size` (Number) The size of the disk in GB. Defaults to 15 GB.

- `type` (String) The disk type.




<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `index` (Number)
- `ip_address` (String) Manual set static IP address.

- `ipv4` (Boolean) Flag for allocating IPv4 address for the network interface.

- `ipv6` (Boolean) Flag for allocating IPv6 address for the network interface.

- `ipv6_address` (String) Manual set static IPv6 address.

- `mac_address` (String)
- `nat` (Boolean) Flag for using NAT.

- `nat_ip_address` (String) A public address that can be used to access the internet over NAT.

- `nat_ip_version` (String)
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Security group ids for network interface.

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet to attach this interface to. The subnet must reside in the same zone where this instance was created.



<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.resources`

Read-Only:

- `core_fraction` (Number) If provided, specifies baseline core performance as a percent.

- `cores` (Number) The number of CPU cores for the instance. Defaults to 2 cores.

- `memory` (Number) The memory size in GB. Defaults to 2 GB.

