---
subcategory: Lockbox (Secret Management)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_lockbox_secret'
description: Get information about Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/lockbox_secret.md
---

# yandex_lockbox_secret (Data Source)

Get information about Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/lockbox/).

~> One of `secret_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Lockbox Secret.
//
data "yandex_lockbox_secret" "my_secret" {
  secret_id = "some ID"
}

output "my_secret_created_at" {
  value = data.yandex_lockbox_secret.my_secret.created_at
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `secret_id` (String) The Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret ID.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `current_version` (List of Object) Current secret version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--current_version))
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS key used to encrypt the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `password_payload_specification` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_payload_specification))
- `status` (String) The Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret status.

<a id="nestedatt--current_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `current_version`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `destroy_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `payload_entry_keys` (List of String)
- `secret_id` (String)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--password_payload_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_payload_specification`

Read-Only:

- `excluded_punctuation` (String) String of punctuation characters to exclude from the default. Requires `include_punctuation = true`. Default is empty.

- `include_digits` (Boolean) Use digits in the generated password. Default is true.

- `include_lowercase` (Boolean) Use lowercase letters in the generated password. Default is true.

- `include_punctuation` (Boolean) Use punctuations (`!"#$%&'()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\]^_`{|}~`) in the generated password. Default is true.

- `include_uppercase` (Boolean) Use capital letters in the generated password. Default is true.

- `included_punctuation` (String) String of specific punctuation characters to use. Requires `include_punctuation = true`. Default is empty.

- `length` (Number) Length of generated password. Default is `36`.

- `password_key` (String) The key with which the generated password will be placed in the secret version.

