---
subcategory: Managed Service for SQLServer
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_sqlserver_cluster'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed SQLServer cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/mdb_sqlserver_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_sqlserver_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed SQLServer cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-sqlserver/).

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB SQL Server Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_sqlserver_cluster" "foo" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_sqlserver_cluster.foo.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the SQLServer cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The name of the SQLServer cluster.
- `sqlcollation` (String) SQL Collation cluster will be created with. This attribute cannot be changed when cluster is created!
- `sqlserver_config` (Map of String) SQLServer cluster config. Detail info in `SQLServer config` section.

### Read-Only

- `backup_window_start` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_window_start))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the SQLServer cluster. (PRODUCTION, PRESTABLE).
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster.
- `host` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String) A list of IDs of the host groups hosting VMs of the cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `user` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started.

- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started.



<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the database.



<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Sets whether the host should get a public IP address on creation. Changing this parameter for an existing host is not supported at the moment.

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet, to which the host belongs. The subnet must be a part of the network to which the cluster belongs.

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a SQLServer host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of SQLServer hosts.

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a SQLServer host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-sqlserver/concepts/instance-types).



<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the user.

- `password` (String) The password of the user.

- `permission` (Block Set) Set of permissions granted to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--permission))


<a id="nestedobjatt--user--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.permission`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database that the permission grants access to.

- `roles` (Set of String) List user's roles in the database. Allowed roles: `OWNER`, `SECURITYADMIN`, `ACCESSADMIN`, `BACKUPOPERATOR`, `DDLADMIN`, `DATAWRITER`, `DATAREADER`, `DENYDATAWRITER`, `DENYDATAREADER`.

