---
subcategory: Managed Service for Apache Kafka
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_kafka_topic'
description: Get information about a topic of the Yandex Managed Kafka cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/mdb_kafka_topic.md
---

# yandex_mdb_kafka_topic (Data Source)

Get information about a topic of the Yandex Managed Kafka cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB Kafka Topic.
//
data "yandex_mdb_kafka_topic" "foo" {
  cluster_id = "some_cluster_id"
  name       = "test"
}

output "replication_factor" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_kafka_topic.foo.replication_factor
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Kafka cluster.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `partitions` (Number) The number of the topic's partitions.
- `replication_factor` (Number) Amount of data copies (replicas) for the topic in the cluster.
- `topic_config` (List of Object) User-defined settings for the topic. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/settings-list#topic-settings) and [the Kafka documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topic_config))

<a id="nestedatt--topic_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic_config`

Read-Only:

- `cleanup_policy` (String) Retention policy to use on log segments.

- `compression_type` (String) Compression type of kafka topic.

- `delete_retention_ms` (String) The amount of time to retain delete tombstone markers for log compacted topics.

- `file_delete_delay_ms` (String) The time to wait before deleting a file from the filesystem.

- `flush_messages` (String) This setting allows specifying an interval at which we will force an fsync of data written to the log.

- `flush_ms` (String) This setting allows specifying a time interval at which we will force an fsync of data written to the log.

- `max_message_bytes` (String) The largest record batch size allowed by Kafka (after compression if compression is enabled).

- `min_compaction_lag_ms` (String) The minimum time a message will remain uncompacted in the log. Only applicable for logs that are being compacted.

- `min_insync_replicas` (String) When a producer sets acks to "all" (or "-1"), this configuration specifies the minimum number of replicas that must acknowledge a write for the write to be considered successful.

- `preallocate` (Boolean) True if we should preallocate the file on disk when creating a new log segment.

- `retention_bytes` (String) This configuration controls the maximum size a partition (which consists of log segments) can grow to before we will discard old log segments to free up space if we are using the "delete" retention policy.

- `retention_ms` (String) This configuration controls the maximum time we will retain a log before we will discard old log segments to free up space if we are using the "delete" retention policy.

- `segment_bytes` (String) This configuration controls the segment file size for the log.

