---
subcategory: Managed Service for Apache Kafka
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_kafka_connector'
description: Get information about a connector of the Yandex Managed Kafka cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/mdb_kafka_connector.md
---

# yandex_mdb_kafka_connector (Data Source)

Get information about a connector of the Yandex Managed Kafka cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB Kafka Connector.
//
data "yandex_mdb_kafka_connector" "foo" {
  cluster_id = "some_cluster_id"
  name       = "test"
}

output "tasks_max" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_kafka_connector.foo.tasks_max
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Kafka cluster.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `connector_config_mirrormaker` (List of Object) Settings for MirrorMaker2 connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_config_mirrormaker))
- `connector_config_s3_sink` (List of Object) Settings for S3 Sink connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_config_s3_sink))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `properties` (Map of String) Additional properties for connector.
- `tasks_max` (Number) The number of the connector's parallel working tasks. Default is the number of brokers.

<a id="nestedatt--connector_config_mirrormaker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker`

Read-Only:

- `replication_factor` (Number) Replication factor for topics created in target cluster.

- `source_cluster` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Settings for source cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--source_cluster))

- `target_cluster` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Settings for target cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--target_cluster))

- `topics` (String) The pattern for topic names to be replicated.


<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--source_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker.source_cluster`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) Name of the cluster. Used also as a topic prefix.

- `external_cluster` (Block List) Connection settings for external cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--source_cluster--external_cluster))

- `this_cluster` (Block List) Using this section in the cluster definition (source or target) means it's this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--source_cluster--this_cluster))


<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--source_cluster--external_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker.source_cluster.external_cluster`

Read-Only:

- `bootstrap_servers` (String) List of bootstrap servers to connect to cluster.

- `sasl_mechanism` (String) Type of SASL authentification mechanism to use.

- `sasl_password` (String) Password to use in SASL authentification mechanism

- `sasl_username` (String) Username to use in SASL authentification mechanism.

- `security_protocol` (String) Security protocol to use.



<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--source_cluster--this_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker.source_cluster.this_cluster`

Read-Only:




<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--target_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker.target_cluster`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) Name of the cluster. Used also as a topic prefix.

- `external_cluster` (Block List) Connection settings for external cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--target_cluster--external_cluster))

- `this_cluster` (Block List) Using this section in the cluster definition (source or target) means it's this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--target_cluster--this_cluster))


<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--target_cluster--external_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker.target_cluster.external_cluster`

Read-Only:

- `bootstrap_servers` (String) List of bootstrap servers to connect to cluster.

- `sasl_mechanism` (String) Type of SASL authentification mechanism to use.

- `sasl_password` (String) Password to use in SASL authentification mechanism

- `sasl_username` (String) Username to use in SASL authentification mechanism.

- `security_protocol` (String) Security protocol to use.



<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_mirrormaker--target_cluster--this_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_mirrormaker.target_cluster.this_cluster`

Read-Only:





<a id="nestedatt--connector_config_s3_sink"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_s3_sink`

Read-Only:

- `file_compression_type` (String) Compression type for messages. Cannot be changed.

- `file_max_records` (Number) Max records per file.

- `s3_connection` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Settings for connection to s3-compatible storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_s3_sink--s3_connection))

- `topics` (String) The pattern for topic names to be copied to s3 bucket.


<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_s3_sink--s3_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_s3_sink.s3_connection`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the bucket in s3-compatible storage.

- `external_s3` (Block List, Min: 1) Connection params for external s3-compatible storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--connector_config_s3_sink--s3_connection--external_s3))


<a id="nestedobjatt--connector_config_s3_sink--s3_connection--external_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_config_s3_sink.s3_connection.external_s3`

Read-Only:

- `access_key_id` (String) ID of aws-compatible static key.

- `endpoint` (String) URL of s3-compatible storage.

- `region` (String) Region of s3-compatible storage. [Available region list](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaSDK/latest/javadoc/com/amazonaws/regions/Regions.html).

- `secret_access_key` (String) Secret key of aws-compatible static key.

