---
subcategory: Managed Service for Redis
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_redis_cluster'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed Redis cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/mdb_redis_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_redis_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed Redis cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/concepts).

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB Redis Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_redis_cluster" "foo" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_redis_cluster.foo.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Redis cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The name of the Redis cluster.

### Read-Only

- `announce_hostnames` (Boolean) Announce fqdn instead of ip address.
- `auth_sentinel` (Boolean) Allows to use ACL users to auth in sentinel
- `config` (List of Object) Configuration of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (List of Object) Disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Redis cluster. Can be either `PRESTABLE` or `PRODUCTION`.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `host` (List of Object) A host of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) Maintenance window settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `persistence_mode` (String) Persistence mode. Possible values: `ON`, `OFF`.
- `resources` (List of Object) Resources allocated to hosts of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `sharded` (Boolean) Redis Cluster mode enabled/disabled. Enables sharding when cluster non-sharded. If cluster is sharded - disabling is not allowed.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) TLS support mode enabled/disabled.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `allow_data_loss` (Boolean) Allows some data to be lost in favor of faster switchover/restart by RDSync.

- `backup_window_start` (Block List, Max: 1) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--backup_window_start))

- `client_output_buffer_limit_normal` (String) Normal clients output buffer limits. See [redis config file](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.2/redis.conf#L1841).

- `client_output_buffer_limit_pubsub` (String) Pubsub clients output buffer limits. See [redis config file](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.2/redis.conf#L1843).

- `cluster_allow_pubsubshard_when_down` (Boolean) Permits Pub/Sub shard operations when cluster is down.

- `cluster_allow_reads_when_down` (Boolean) Allows read operations when cluster is down.

- `cluster_require_full_coverage` (Boolean) Controls whether all hash slots must be covered by nodes.

- `databases` (Number) Number of databases (changing requires redis-server restart).

- `io_threads_allowed` (Boolean) Allow Redis to use io-threads.

- `lfu_decay_time` (Number) The time, in minutes, that must elapse in order for the key counter to be divided by two (or decremented if it has a value less <= 10).

- `lfu_log_factor` (Number) Determines how the frequency counter represents key hits.

- `lua_time_limit` (Number) Maximum time in milliseconds for Lua scripts.

- `maxmemory_percent` (Number) Redis maxmemory usage in percent

- `maxmemory_policy` (String) Redis key eviction policy for a dataset that reaches maximum memory. Can be any of the listed in [the official RedisDB documentation](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/eviction-policy/).

- `notify_keyspace_events` (String) Select the events that Redis will notify among a set of classes.

- `repl_backlog_size_percent` (Number) Replication backlog size as a percentage of flavor maxmemory.

- `slowlog_log_slower_than` (Number) Log slow queries below this number in microseconds.

- `slowlog_max_len` (Number) Slow queries log length.

- `timeout` (Number) Close the connection after a client is idle for N seconds.

- `turn_before_switchover` (Boolean) Allows to turn before switchover in RDSync.

- `use_luajit` (Boolean) Use JIT for lua scripts and functions.

- `version` (String) Version of Redis.

- `zset_max_listpack_entries` (Number) Controls max number of entries in zset before conversion from memory-efficient listpack to CPU-efficient hash table and skiplist


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started.

- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started.




<a id="nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_size_autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Limit of disk size after autoscaling (GiB).

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Immediate autoscaling disk usage (percent).

- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Maintenance window autoscaling disk usage (percent).



<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Sets whether the host should get a public IP address or not.

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.

- `replica_priority` (Number) Replica priority of a current replica (usable for non-sharded only).

- `shard_name` (String) The name of the shard to which the host belongs.

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet, to which the host belongs. The subnet must be a part of the network to which the cluster belongs.

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window if window type is weekly. Possible values: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.

- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window if window type is weekly.

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.



<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of Redis hosts - environment default is used if missing.

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/concepts).

