---
subcategory: Managed Service for Elasticsearch
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed Elasticsearch cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/mdb_elasticsearch_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed Elasticsearch cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/concepts).

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB ElasticSearch Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster.my_cluster.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Elasticsearch cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.

### Read-Only

- `config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Elasticsearch cluster. Can be either `PRESTABLE` or `PRODUCTION`.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `host` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/api-ref/Cluster/).

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `admin_password` (String) Password for admin user of Elasticsearch.

- `data_node` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for Elasticsearch data nodes subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--data_node))

- `edition` (String) Edition of Elasticsearch. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/concepts/es-editions).

- `master_node` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for Elasticsearch master nodes subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--master_node))

- `plugins` (Set of String) A set of Elasticsearch plugins to install.

- `version` (String) Version of Elasticsearch.


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--data_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.data_node`

Read-Only:

- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the Elasticsearch data nodes subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--data_node--resources))


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--data_node--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.data_node.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of Elasticsearch hosts.

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/concepts).




<a id="nestedobjatt--config--master_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.master_node`

Read-Only:

- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the Elasticsearch master nodes subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--master_node--resources))


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--master_node--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.master_node.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of Elasticsearch hosts.

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/concepts).





<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Sets whether the host should get a public IP address on creation. Can be either `true` or `false`.

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.

- `name` (String) User defined host name.

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet, to which the host belongs. The subnet must be a part of the network to which the cluster belongs.

- `type` (String) The type of the host to be deployed. Can be either `DATA_NODE` or `MASTER_NODE`.

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window if window type is weekly. Possible values: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.

- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window if window type is weekly.

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.

