---
subcategory: Managed Service for MySQL
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_mysql_user'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed MySQL user.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/mdb_mysql_user.md
---

# yandex_mdb_mysql_user (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed MySQL user. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB MySQL Database User.
//
data "yandex_mdb_mysql_user" "my_user" {
  cluster_id = "some_cluster_id"
  name       = "test"
}

output "permission" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_mysql_user.foo.permission
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the MySQL cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the MySQL user.

### Optional

- `permission` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permission))

### Read-Only

- `authentication_plugin` (String) Authentication plugin. Allowed values: `MYSQL_NATIVE_PASSWORD`, `CACHING_SHA2_PASSWORD`, `SHA256_PASSWORD` (for version 5.7 `MYSQL_NATIVE_PASSWORD`, `SHA256_PASSWORD`)
- `connection_limits` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_limits))
- `connection_manager` (Map of String) Connection Manager connection configuration. Filled in by the server automatically.
- `global_permissions` (Set of String) List user's global permissions. Allowed permissions: `REPLICATION_CLIENT`, `REPLICATION_SLAVE`, `PROCESS` for clear list use empty list. If the attribute is not specified there will be no changes.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permission`

Optional:

- `roles` (List of String) List user's roles in the database. Allowed roles: `ALL`,`ALTER`,`ALTER_ROUTINE`,`CREATE`,`CREATE_ROUTINE`,`CREATE_TEMPORARY_TABLES`, `CREATE_VIEW`,`DELETE`,`DROP`,`EVENT`,`EXECUTE`,`INDEX`,`INSERT`,`LOCK_TABLES`,`SELECT`,`SHOW_VIEW`,`TRIGGER`,`UPDATE`.


Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database that the permission grants access to.



<a id="nestedatt--connection_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_limits`

Read-Only:

- `max_connections_per_hour` (Number) Max connections per hour.

- `max_questions_per_hour` (Number) Max questions per hour.

- `max_updates_per_hour` (Number) Max updates per hour.

- `max_user_connections` (Number) Max user connections.

