---
subcategory: Managed Service for PostgreSQL
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_postgresql_user'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed PostgreSQL user.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/mdb_postgresql_user.md
---

# yandex_mdb_postgresql_user (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed PostgreSQL user. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB PostgreSQL database User.
//
data "yandex_mdb_postgresql_user" "my_user" {
  cluster_id = "some_cluster_id"
  name       = "test"
}

output "permission" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_postgresql_user.my_user.permission
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the PostgreSQL user.

### Optional

- `conn_limit` (Number) The maximum number of connections per user. (Default 50).
- `deletion_protection` (String) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `login` (Boolean) User's ability to login.
- `settings` (Map of String) Map of user settings. [Full description](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/api-ref/grpc/Cluster/create#yandex.cloud.mdb.postgresql.v1.UserSettings).

* `default_transaction_isolation` - defines the default isolation level to be set for all new SQL transactions. One of:  - 0: `unspecified`
  - 1: `read uncommitted`
  - 2: `read committed`
  - 3: `repeatable read`
  - 4: `serializable`

* `lock_timeout` - The maximum time (in milliseconds) for any statement to wait for acquiring a lock on an table, index, row or other database object (default 0)

* `log_min_duration_statement` - This setting controls logging of the duration of statements. (default -1 disables logging of the duration of statements.)

* `synchronous_commit` - This setting defines whether DBMS will commit transaction in a synchronous way. One of:
  - 0: `unspecified`
  - 1: `on`
  - 2: `off`
  - 3: `local`
  - 4: `remote write`
  - 5: `remote apply`

* `temp_file_limit` - The maximum storage space size (in kilobytes) that a single process can use to create temporary files.

* `log_statement` - This setting specifies which SQL statements should be logged (on the user level). One of:
  - 0: `unspecified`
  - 1: `none`
  - 2: `ddl`
  - 3: `mod`
  - 4: `all`

* `pool_mode` - Mode that the connection pooler is working in with specified user. One of:
  - 1: `session`
  - 2: `transaction`
  - 3: `statement`

* `prepared_statements_pooling` - This setting allows user to use prepared statements with transaction pooling. Boolean.

* `catchup_timeout` - The connection pooler setting. It determines the maximum allowed replication lag (in seconds). Pooler will reject connections to the replica with a lag above this threshold. Default value is 0, which disables this feature. Integer.

* `wal_sender_timeout` - The maximum time (in milliseconds) to wait for WAL replication (can be set only for PostgreSQL 12+). Terminate replication connections that are inactive for longer than this amount of time. Integer.

* `idle_in_transaction_session_timeout` - Sets the maximum allowed idle time (in milliseconds) between queries, when in a transaction. Value of 0 (default) disables the timeout. Integer.

* `statement_timeout` - The maximum time (in milliseconds) to wait for statement. Value of 0 (default) disables the timeout. Integer

### Read-Only

- `connection_manager` (Map of String) Connection Manager connection configuration. Filled in by the server automatically.
- `grants` (List of String) List of the user's grants.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the user.
- `permission` (Set of Object) Set of permissions granted to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permission))

<a id="nestedatt--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permission`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database that the permission grants access to.

