---
subcategory: Managed Service for Apache Spark
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_spark_cluster'
description: Get information about Apache Spark cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/spark_cluster.md
---

# yandex_spark_cluster (Data Source)

Managed Spark cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about Apache Spark cluster by name
//
data "yandex_spark_cluster" "spark_cluster_by_name" {
  name = "spark-created-with-terraform"
}

//
// Get information about Apache Spark cluster by id
//
data "yandex_spark_cluster" "spark_cluster_by_id" {
  id = "<spark-cluster-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) ID of the cloud folder that the cluster belongs to.
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the cluster.
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster. The name is unique within the folder.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration of the Spark cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the cluster was created.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster. 0-256 characters long.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) Cluster labels as key/value pairs.
- `logging` (Attributes) Cloud Logging configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Configuration of the window for maintenance operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network` (Attributes) Network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `service_account_id` (String) The service account used by the cluster to access cloud resources.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `dependencies` (Attributes) Environment dependencies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--dependencies))
- `history_server` (Attributes) History Server configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--history_server))
- `metastore` (Attributes) Metastore configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--metastore))
- `resource_pools` (Attributes) Computational resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resource_pools))

<a id="nestedatt--config--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `deb_packages` (Set of String) Deb-packages that need to be installed using system package manager.
- `pip_packages` (Set of String) Python packages that need to be installed using pip (in pip requirement format).


<a id="nestedatt--config--history_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.history_server`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable Spark History Server.


<a id="nestedatt--config--metastore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.metastore`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_id` (String) Metastore cluster ID for default spark configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--config--resource_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resource_pools`

Read-Only:

- `driver` (Attributes) Computational resources for the driver pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resource_pools--driver))
- `executor` (Attributes) Computational resources for the executor pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resource_pools--executor))

<a id="nestedatt--config--resource_pools--driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resource_pools.driver`

Read-Only:

- `max_size` (Number) Maximum node count for the driver pool with autoscaling.
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum node count for the driver pool with autoscaling.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) Resource preset ID for the driver pool.
- `size` (Number) Node count for the driver pool with fixed size.


<a id="nestedatt--config--resource_pools--executor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resource_pools.executor`

Read-Only:

- `max_size` (Number) Maximum node count for the executor pool with autoscaling.
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum node count for the executor pool with autoscaling.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) Resource preset ID for the executor pool.
- `size` (Number) Node count for the executor pool with fixed size.




<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable log delivery to Cloud Logging.
- `folder_id` (String) Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `log_group_id` (String) Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Network security groups.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) Network subnets.
