---
subcategory: Managed Service for Trino
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_trino_cluster'
description: Get information about Trino cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/data-sources/trino_cluster.md
---

# yandex_trino_cluster (Data Source)

Managed Trino cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about Trino cluster by name
//
data "yandex_tirno_cluster" "trino_cluster_by_name" {
  name = "trino-created-with-terraform"
}

//
// Get information about Trino cluster by id
//
data "yandex_trino_cluster" "tirno_cluster_by_id" {
  id = "<trino-cluster-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `coordinator` (Attributes) Configuration of `coordinator` instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coordinator))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `logging` (Attributes) Cloud Logging configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Configuration of window for maintenance operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `retry_policy` (Attributes) Configuration for retry policy, specifying the spooling storage destination and other settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_policy))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-trino/concepts/impersonation).
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `worker` (Attributes) Configuration of worker instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--coordinator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coordinator`

Read-Only:

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables delivery of logs generated by the Trino components to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).
- `folder_id` (String) Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `log_group_id` (String) Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--retry_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_policy`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (Map of String) Additional properties.
- `exchange_manager` (Attributes) Configuration for exchange manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager))
- `policy` (String) Retry policy level

<a id="nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_policy.exchange_manager`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (Map of String) Additional properties.
- `service_s3` (Attributes) Use S3 created on service side as exchange manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager--service_s3))

<a id="nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager--service_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_policy.exchange_manager.service_s3`




<a id="nestedatt--worker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker`

Read-Only:

- `auto_scale` (Attributes) A scaling policy that dynamically adjusts the number of worker instances based on the cluster's workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker--auto_scale))
- `fixed_scale` (Attributes) A fixed scaling policy that specifies a fixed number of worker instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker--fixed_scale))
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).

<a id="nestedatt--worker--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker.auto_scale`

Read-Only:

- `max_count` (Number) The maximum number of worker instances.
- `min_count` (Number) The minimum number of worker instances.


<a id="nestedatt--worker--fixed_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker.fixed_scale`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Specifies the number of worker instances.