---
subcategory: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_vpc_address'
description: Get information about a Yandex VPC address.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/vpc_address.md
---

# yandex_vpc_address (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex VPC address. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/address).

This data source is used to define [VPC Address](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/address) that can be used by other resources.

~> One of `address_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing VPC IPv4 Address.
//
data "yandex_vpc_address" "addr" {
  address_id = "my-address-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address_id` (String) ID of the address.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `dns_record` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_record))
- `external_ipv4_address` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_ipv4_address))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `reserved` (Boolean) `false` means that address is ephemeral.
- `used` (Boolean) `true` if address is used.

<a id="nestedatt--dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_record`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone id to create record at.

- `fqdn` (String) FQDN for record to address.

- `ptr` (Boolean) If PTR record is needed.

- `ttl` (Number) TTL of DNS record.



<a id="nestedatt--external_ipv4_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ipv4_address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Allocated IP address.

- `ddos_protection_provider` (String) Enable DDOS protection. Possible values are: `qrator`

- `outgoing_smtp_capability` (String) Wanted outgoing smtp capability.

- `zone_id` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

