---
subcategory: Managed Service for YDB
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_ydb_database_dedicated'
description: Get information about a Yandex Database dedicated cluster.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/ydb_database_dedicated.md
---

# yandex_ydb_database_dedicated (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Database (dedicated) cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/ydb/concepts/serverless_and_dedicated).

{% note warning %}

If `database_id` is not specified `name` and `folder_id` will be used to designate Yandex Database cluster.

{% endnote %}


## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing YDB Dedicated Database.
//
data "yandex_ydb_database_dedicated" "my_database" {
  database_id = "some_ydb_dedicated_database_id"
}

output "ydb_api_endpoint" {
  value = data.yandex_ydb_database_dedicated.my_database.ydb_api_endpoint
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `database_id` (String) ID of the Yandex Database cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `assign_public_ips` (Boolean) Whether public IP addresses should be assigned to the Yandex Database cluster.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database_path` (String) Full database path of the Yandex Database cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `location` (List of Object) Location for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `location_id` (String) Location ID for the Yandex Database cluster.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The Yandex Database cluster preset. Available presets can be obtained via `yc ydb resource-preset list` command.
- `scale_policy` (List of Object) Scaling policy for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scale_policy))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the Yandex Database cluster.
- `storage_config` (List of Object) A list of storage configuration options for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_config))
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Whether TLS is enabled for the Yandex Database cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_api_endpoint` (String) API endpoint of the Yandex Database cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_full_endpoint` (String) Full endpoint of the Yandex Database cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `region` (Block List, Max: 1) Region for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--location--region))


<a id="nestedobjatt--location--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.region`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Region ID for the Yandex Database cluster.




<a id="nestedatt--scale_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_scale` (Block List, Max: 1) Auto scaling policy for the Yandex Database cluster. This is a preview feature, and you need to enable it using the label `enable_autoscaling=1`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale))

- `fixed_scale` (Block List, Max: 1) Fixed scaling policy for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--fixed_scale))


<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale`

Read-Only:

- `max_size` (Number) Maximum number of nodes to which autoscaling can scale the database.

- `min_size` (Number) Minimum number of nodes to which autoscaling can scale the database.

- `target_tracking` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) A target tracking scaling policy automatically scales the capacity of your Yandex Database cluster based on a target metric value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale--target_tracking))


<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale--target_tracking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale.target_tracking`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_utilization_percent` (Number) A percentage of database nodes average CPU utilization.




<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--fixed_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.fixed_scale`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) Number of instances for the Yandex Database cluster.




<a id="nestedatt--storage_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_config`

Read-Only:

- `group_count` (Number) Amount of storage groups of selected type for the Yandex Database cluster.

- `storage_type_id` (String) Storage type ID for the Yandex Database cluster. Available presets can be obtained via `yc ydb storage-type list` command.

