---
editable: false
sourcePath: en/_api-ref/compute/v1/api-ref/Image/getLatestByFamily.md
---

# Compute Cloud API, REST: Image.getLatestByFamily
Returns the latest image that is part of an image family.
 

 
## HTTP request {#https-request}
```
GET https://compute.{{ api-host }}/compute/v1/images:latestByFamily
```
 
## Query parameters {#query_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
folderId | <p>Required. ID of the folder to get the image from. To get the folder ID, use a <a href="/docs/resource-manager/api-ref/Folder/list">list</a> request.</p> <p>The maximum string length in characters is 50.</p> 
family | <p>Name of the image family to search for.</p> <p>Value must match the regular expression ``\|[a-z][-a-z0-9]{1,61}[a-z0-9]``.</p> 
 
## Response {#responses}
**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

```json 
{
  "id": "string",
  "folderId": "string",
  "createdAt": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "labels": "object",
  "family": "string",
  "storageSize": "string",
  "minDiskSize": "string",
  "productIds": [
    "string"
  ],
  "status": "string",
  "os": {
    "type": "string"
  },
  "pooled": true
}
```
An Image resource.
 
Field | Description
--- | ---
id | **string**<br><p>ID of the image.</p> 
folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the image belongs to.</p> 
createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>String in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format. The range of possible values is from ``0001-01-01T00:00:00Z`` to ``9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z``, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.</p> <p>To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the <a href="https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview">Protocol Buffers reference</a>. In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits).</p> 
name | **string**<br><p>Name of the image. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
description | **string**<br><p>Description of the image. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as ``key:value`` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
family | **string**<br><p>The name of the image family to which this image belongs.</p> <p>You can get the most recent image from a family by using the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/getLatestByFamily">getLatestByFamily</a> request and create the disk from this image.</p> 
storageSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>The size of the image, specified in bytes.</p> 
minDiskSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Minimum size of the disk which will be created from this image.</p> 
productIds[] | **string**<br><p>License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource. License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.</p> <p>The correct license ID is generated by the platform. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.</p> <p>If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image. For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost. You can specify them in the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/create">create</a> request.</p> 
status | **string**<br><p>Current status of the image.</p> <ul> <li>CREATING: Image is being created.</li> <li>READY: Image is ready to use.</li> <li>ERROR: Image encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>DELETING: Image is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
os | **object**<br><p>Operating system that is contained in the image.</p> 
os.<br>type | **string**<br><p>Operating system type. The default is ``LINUX``.</p> <p>This field is used to correctly emulate a vCPU and calculate the cost of using an instance.</p> <ul> <li>LINUX: Linux operating system.</li> <li>WINDOWS: Windows operating system.</li> </ul> 
pooled | **boolean** (boolean)<br><p>When true, indicates there is an image pool for fast creation disks from the image.</p> 