---
title: Service Level for Managed Databases. Expired on July 7, 2023
noIndex: true
---

# Service Level for Managed Databases

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on July 7, 2023. The current version is available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/sla-levels/mdb>.*

This document defines Service Levels for Managed Service for PostgreSQL, Managed Service for ClickHouse, Managed Service for MySQL, Managed Service for Redis (collectively, "Service") and is an integral part of Nebius Services Agreement ("Agreement") and SLA available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/sla>. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Agreement and Linked Documents.

Service Level:

| DB Cluster, read | 99.99% |
| --- | --- |
| DB Cluster, write | 99.95% |

**Compensation Amount:**

Availability of DB Cluster — read:

| Service Uptime Percentage in Reporting Period | Compensation, % of Service Fee for Service in Reporting Period |
| --- | --- |
| < 99.99%-99.00% | 10.0% |
| < 99.00%-90.00% | 15.0% |
| less than 90.00% | 30.0% |

Availability of DB Cluster — write:

| Service Uptime Percentage in Reporting Period | Compensation, % of Service Fee for Service in Reporting Period |
| --- | --- |
| < 99.95%-99.00% | 10.0% |
| < 99.00%-90.00% | 15.0% |
| less than 90.00% | 30.0% |

**Definition of Service Unavailability:**

Unavailability of Managed Service for PostgreSQL and Managed Service for MySQL shall be defined as two or more DB Hosts placed in different Availability Zones for reading or writing via supported clients.

Unavailability of Managed Service for ClickHouse shall be defined as follows:

* two or more DB Hosts placed in different Availability Zones for reading or writing via supported clients, and/or
* unavailability of Shard placed in two or more DB Hosts which are located in different Availability Zones for reading or writing via supported clients while using Shard.

Unavailability of Managed Service for Redis shall be defined as:

* unavailability DB Cluster which consists of three and more DB Hosts placed in different Availability Zones for reading or writing via supported clients, and/or
* unavailability of Shard placed in three or more DB Hosts which are located in different Availability Zones for reading or writing via supported clients while using Shard.

The list of supported clients for a specific type of DBMS can be found in technical documents of Service posted on Site.

## Definitions {#definitions}

Shard — the part of DB Cluster placed in one or several DB Hosts for load balancing. The process of forming a Shard is called sharding.

________________________________________

**Nebius Israel Ltd**

Web address: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/sla-levels/mdb>

Publication date: 03.04.2023

*Previous version of the document: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/archive/sla-levels/mdb-20230306>*

*Previous version of the document: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/archive/sla-levels/mdb-20230220>*

*Previous version of the document: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/archive/sla-levels/mdb-20221110>*
