---
subcategory: Managed Service for Apache Airflow
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_airflow_cluster'
description: Manages an Apache Airflow cluster within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/airflow_cluster.md
---

# yandex_airflow_cluster (Resource)

Managed Airflow cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Airflow Cluster.
//
resource "yandex_airflow_cluster" "my_airflow_cluster" {
  name               = "airflow-created-with-terraform"
  subnet_ids         = [yandex_vpc_subnet.a.id, yandex_vpc_subnet.b.id, yandex_vpc_subnet.d.id]
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.for-airflow.id
  admin_password     = "some-strong-password"

  code_sync = {
    s3 = {
      bucket = "bucket-for-airflow-dags"
    }
  }

  webserver = {
    count              = 1
    resource_preset_id = "c1-m4"
  }

  scheduler = {
    count              = 1
    resource_preset_id = "c1-m4"
  }

  worker = {
    min_count          = 1
    max_count          = 2
    resource_preset_id = "c1-m4"
  }

  airflow_config = {
    "api" = {
      "auth_backends" = "airflow.api.auth.backend.basic_auth,airflow.api.auth.backend.session"
    }
  }

  pip_packages = ["dbt"]

  lockbox_secrets_backend = {
    enabled = true
  }

  logging = {
    enabled   = true
    folder_id = var.folder_id
    min_level = "INFO"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code_sync` (Attributes) Parameters of the location and access to the code that will be executed in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_sync))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `scheduler` (Attributes) Configuration of scheduler instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduler))
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/concepts/impersonation).
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `webserver` (Attributes) Configuration of `webserver` instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webserver))
- `worker` (Attributes) Configuration of worker instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker))

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Password that is used to log in to Apache Airflow web UI under `admin` user.
- `airflow_config` (Map of Map of String) Configuration of the Apache Airflow application itself. The value of this attribute is a two-level map. Keys of top-level map are the names of [configuration sections](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#airflow-configuration-options). Keys of inner maps are the names of configuration options within corresponding section.
- `airflow_version` (String) Apache Airflow version in format `<major>.<minor>`.
- `deb_packages` (Set of String) System packages that are installed in the cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `lockbox_secrets_backend` (Attributes) Configuration of Lockbox Secrets Backend. [See documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/tutorials/lockbox-secrets-in-maf-cluster) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lockbox_secrets_backend))
- `logging` (Attributes) Cloud Logging configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Configuration of window for maintenance operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `pip_packages` (Set of String) Python packages that are installed in the cluster.
- `python_version` (String) Version of Python that Airflow will run on. Must be in format `<major>.<minor>`.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `triggerer` (Attributes) Configuration of `triggerer` instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--triggerer))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/api-ref/Cluster/).

<a id="nestedatt--code_sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_sync`

Required:

- `s3` (Attributes) Currently only Object Storage (S3) is supported as the source of DAG files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_sync--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--code_sync--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_sync.s3`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) The name of the Object Storage bucket that stores DAG files used in the cluster.



<a id="nestedatt--scheduler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduler`

Required:

- `count` (Number) The number of scheduler instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--webserver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webserver`

Required:

- `count` (Number) The number of webserver instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--worker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker`

Required:

- `max_count` (Number) The maximum number of worker instances in the cluster.
- `min_count` (Number) The minimum number of worker instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--lockbox_secrets_backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lockbox_secrets_backend`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables usage of Lockbox Secrets Backend.


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables delivery of logs generated by the Airflow components to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).

Optional:

- `folder_id` (String) Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `log_group_id` (String) Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--triggerer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `triggerer`

Required:

- `count` (Number) The number of triggerer instances in the cluster.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_airflow_cluster.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_airflow_cluster.my_airflow_cluster enphq**********cjsw4
```
