---
subcategory: Application Load Balancer (ALB)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_alb_load_balancer'
description: |-
  A Load Balancer is used for receiving incoming traffic and transmitting it to the backend endpoints
  specified in the ALB Target Groups.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/alb_load_balancer.md
---

# yandex_alb_load_balancer (Resource)

Creates an Application Load Balancer in the specified folder. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/application-load-balancer/concepts/application-load-balancer).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Application Load Balancer (ALB)
//
resource "yandex_alb_load_balancer" "my_alb" {
  name = "my-load-balancer"

  network_id = yandex_vpc_network.test-network.id

  allocation_policy {
    location {
      zone_id   = "ru-central1-a"
      subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.test-subnet.id
    }
  }

  listener {
    name = "my-listener"
    endpoint {
      address {
        external_ipv4_address {
        }
      }
      ports = [8080]
    }
    http {
      handler {
        http_router_id = yandex_alb_http_router.test-router.id
      }
    }
  }

  log_options {
    discard_rule {
      http_code_intervals = ["2XX"]
      discard_percent     = 75
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allocation_policy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Allocation zones for the Load Balancer instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allocation_policy))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.

### Optional

- `allow_zonal_shift` (Boolean) Specifies whether application load balancer is available to zonal shift
- `auto_scale_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Scaling settings of the application load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auto_scale_policy))
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `listener` (Block List) List of listeners for the Load Balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener))
- `log_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Cloud Logging settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_options))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `region_id` (String) The region ID where Load Balancer is located at.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `log_group_id` (String) Cloud Logging group ID to send logs to. Leave empty to use the balancer folder default log group.
- `status` (String) Status of the Load Balancer.

<a id="nestedblock--allocation_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_policy`

Required:

- `location` (Block Set, Min: 1) Unique set of locations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allocation_policy--location))

<a id="nestedblock--allocation_policy--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_policy.location`

Required:

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that location is located at.
- `zone_id` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

Optional:

- `disable_traffic` (Boolean) If set, will disable all L7 instances in the zone for request handling.



<a id="nestedblock--auto_scale_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scale_policy`

Optional:

- `max_size` (Number) Upper limit for total instance count (across all zones)
- `min_zone_size` (Number) Lower limit for instance count in each zone.


<a id="nestedblock--listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the listener.

Optional:

- `endpoint` (Block List) Network endpoint (addresses and ports) of the listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--endpoint))
- `http` (Block List, Max: 1) HTTP handler that sets plain text HTTP router. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--http))
- `stream` (Block List, Max: 1) Stream configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--stream))
- `tls` (Block List, Max: 1) TLS configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.endpoint`

Required:

- `address` (Block List, Min: 1) One or more addresses to listen on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address))
- `ports` (List of Number) One or more ports to listen on.

<a id="nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.endpoint.address`

Optional:

- `external_ipv4_address` (Block List, Max: 1) External IPv4 address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address--external_ipv4_address))
- `external_ipv6_address` (Block List, Max: 1) External IPv6 address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address--external_ipv6_address))
- `internal_ipv4_address` (Block List, Max: 1) Internal IPv4 address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address--internal_ipv4_address))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address--external_ipv4_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.endpoint.address.external_ipv4_address`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Provided by the client or computed automatically.


<a id="nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address--external_ipv6_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.endpoint.address.external_ipv6_address`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Provided by the client or computed automatically.


<a id="nestedblock--listener--endpoint--address--internal_ipv4_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.endpoint.address.internal_ipv4_address`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Provided by the client or computed automatically.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that the address belongs to.




<a id="nestedblock--listener--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.http`

Optional:

- `handler` (Block List, Max: 1) HTTP handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--http--handler))
- `redirects` (Block List, Max: 1) Shortcut for adding http -> https redirects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--http--redirects))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--http--handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.http.handler`

Optional:

- `allow_http10` (Boolean) If set, will enable only HTTP1 protocol with HTTP1.0 support.
- `http2_options` (Block List, Max: 1) If set, will enable HTTP2 protocol for the handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--http--handler--http2_options))
- `http_router_id` (String) HTTP router id.
- `rewrite_request_id` (Boolean) When unset, will preserve the incoming `x-request-id` header, otherwise would rewrite it with a new value.

<a id="nestedblock--listener--http--handler--http2_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.http.handler.http2_options`

Optional:

- `max_concurrent_streams` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent streams.



<a id="nestedblock--listener--http--redirects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.http.redirects`

Optional:

- `http_to_https` (Boolean) If set redirects all unencrypted HTTP requests to the same URI with scheme changed to `https`.



<a id="nestedblock--listener--stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.stream`

Optional:

- `handler` (Block List, Max: 1) Stream handler resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--stream--handler))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--stream--handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.stream.handler`

Optional:

- `backend_group_id` (String) Backend Group ID.
- `idle_timeout` (String) The idle timeout is the interval after which the connection will be forcibly closed if no data has been transmitted or received on either the upstream or downstream connection. If not configured, the default idle timeout is 1 hour. Setting it to 0 disables the timeout.



<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls`

Required:

- `default_handler` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) TLS handler resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler))

Optional:

- `sni_handler` (Block List) Settings for handling requests with Server Name Indication (SNI) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.default_handler`

Required:

- `certificate_ids` (Set of String) Certificate IDs in the Certificate Manager. Multiple TLS certificates can be associated with the same context to allow both RSA and ECDSA certificates. Only the first certificate of each type will be used.

Optional:

- `http_handler` (Block List, Max: 1) HTTP handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler--http_handler))
- `stream_handler` (Block List, Max: 1) Stream handler resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler--stream_handler))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler--http_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.default_handler.http_handler`

Optional:

- `allow_http10` (Boolean) If set, will enable only HTTP1 protocol with HTTP1.0 support.
- `http2_options` (Block List, Max: 1) If set, will enable HTTP2 protocol for the handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler--http_handler--http2_options))
- `http_router_id` (String) HTTP router id.
- `rewrite_request_id` (Boolean) When unset, will preserve the incoming `x-request-id` header, otherwise would rewrite it with a new value.

<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler--http_handler--http2_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.default_handler.http_handler.http2_options`

Optional:

- `max_concurrent_streams` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent streams.



<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--default_handler--stream_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.default_handler.stream_handler`

Optional:

- `backend_group_id` (String) Backend Group ID.
- `idle_timeout` (String) The idle timeout is the interval after which the connection will be forcibly closed if no data has been transmitted or received on either the upstream or downstream connection. If not configured, the default idle timeout is 1 hour. Setting it to 0 disables the timeout.



<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.sni_handler`

Required:

- `handler` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) TLS handler resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler))
- `name` (String) Name of the SNI handler
- `server_names` (Set of String) Server names that are matched by the SNI handler

<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.sni_handler.handler`

Required:

- `certificate_ids` (Set of String) Certificate IDs in the Certificate Manager. Multiple TLS certificates can be associated with the same context to allow both RSA and ECDSA certificates. Only the first certificate of each type will be used.

Optional:

- `http_handler` (Block List, Max: 1) HTTP handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler--http_handler))
- `stream_handler` (Block List, Max: 1) Stream handler resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler--stream_handler))

<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler--http_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.sni_handler.handler.http_handler`

Optional:

- `allow_http10` (Boolean) If set, will enable only HTTP1 protocol with HTTP1.0 support.
- `http2_options` (Block List, Max: 1) If set, will enable HTTP2 protocol for the handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler--http_handler--http2_options))
- `http_router_id` (String) HTTP router id.
- `rewrite_request_id` (Boolean) When unset, will preserve the incoming `x-request-id` header, otherwise would rewrite it with a new value.

<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler--http_handler--http2_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.sni_handler.handler.http_handler.http2_options`

Optional:

- `max_concurrent_streams` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent streams.



<a id="nestedblock--listener--tls--sni_handler--handler--stream_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.tls.sni_handler.handler.stream_handler`

Optional:

- `backend_group_id` (String) Backend Group ID.
- `idle_timeout` (String) The idle timeout is the interval after which the connection will be forcibly closed if no data has been transmitted or received on either the upstream or downstream connection. If not configured, the default idle timeout is 1 hour. Setting it to 0 disables the timeout.






<a id="nestedblock--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Set to `true` to disable Cloud Logging for the balancer.
- `discard_rule` (Block List) List of rules to discard a fraction of logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_options--discard_rule))
- `log_group_id` (String) Cloud Logging group ID to send logs to. Leave empty to use the balancer folder default log group.

<a id="nestedblock--log_options--discard_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options.discard_rule`

Optional:

- `discard_percent` (Number) The percent of logs which will be discarded.
- `grpc_codes` (List of String) list of grpc codes by name, e.g, [**NOT_FOUND**, **RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED**].
- `http_code_intervals` (List of String) List of http code intervals *1XX*-*5XX* or *ALL*
- `http_codes` (List of Number) List of http codes *100*-*599*.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_alb_load_balancer.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_alb_load_balancer.my_alb ds705**********q7qvl
```