---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_snapshot'
description: Creates a new snapshot of a disk.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/compute_snapshot.md
---

# yandex_compute_snapshot (Resource)

Creates a new snapshot of a disk. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/snapshot).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Compute Snapshot.
//
resource "yandex_compute_snapshot" "default" {
  name           = "test-snapshot"
  source_disk_id = "test_disk_id"

  labels = {
    my-label = "my-label-value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_disk_id` (String) ID of the disk to create a snapshot from.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `hardware_generation` (Block List, Max: 1) Hardware generation and its features, which will be applied to the instance when this snapshot is used as a boot disk source. Provide this property if you wish to override this value, which otherwise is inherited from the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hardware_generation))
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk when the snapshot was created, specified in GB.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `storage_size` (Number) Size of the snapshot, specified in GB.

<a id="nestedblock--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Optional:

- `generation2_features` (Block List, Max: 1) A newer hardware generation, which always uses `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2` and UEFI boot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hardware_generation--generation2_features))
- `legacy_features` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the first known hardware generation and its features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--hardware_generation--legacy_features))

<a id="nestedblock--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`


<a id="nestedblock--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Optional:

- `pci_topology` (String) A variant of PCI topology, one of `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V1` or `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2`.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_compute_snapshot.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_compute_snapshot.my_snapshot fd8hc**********o4qe2
```
