---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule'
description: Creates a new snapshot schedule.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/compute_snapshot_schedule.md
---

# yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule (Resource)

Creates a new snapshot schedule. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/snapshot-schedule).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Compute Snapshot Schedule.
//
resource "yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule" "vm_snap_sch1" {
  name = "my-name"

  schedule_policy {
    expression = "0 0 * * *"
  }

  snapshot_count = 1

  snapshot_spec {
    description = "snapshot-description"
    labels = {
      snapshot-label = "my-snapshot-label-value"
    }
  }

  labels = {
    my-label = "my-label-value"
  }

  disk_ids = ["test_disk_id", "another_test_disk_id"]
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new Compute Snapshot Schedule with retention period.
//
resource "yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule" "vm_snap_sch2" {
  schedule_policy {
    expression = "0 0 * * *"
  }

  retention_period = "12h"

  snapshot_spec {
    description = "retention-snapshot"
  }

  disk_ids = ["test_disk_id", "another_test_disk_id"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_ids` (Set of String) IDs of the disk for snapshot schedule.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `retention_period` (String) Time duration applied to snapshots created by this snapshot schedule. This is a signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`. Examples: `300ms`, `1.5h` or `2h45m`.
- `schedule_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Schedule policy of the snapshot schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule_policy))
- `snapshot_count` (Number) Maximum number of snapshots for every disk of the snapshot schedule.
- `snapshot_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional attributes for snapshots created by this snapshot schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--snapshot_spec))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the snapshot schedule.

<a id="nestedblock--schedule_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_policy`

Optional:

- `expression` (String) Cron expression to schedule snapshots (in cron format `" * ****"`).
- `start_at` (String) Time to start the snapshot schedule (in format RFC3339 `2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00`). If empty current time will be used. Unlike an `expression` that specifies regularity rules, the `start_at` parameter determines from what point these rules will be applied.


<a id="nestedblock--snapshot_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description to assign to snapshots created by this snapshot schedule.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to snapshots created by this snapshot schedule.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule.my_snapshot_schedule fd8hc**********o4qe2
```
