---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_instance'
description: Manages a VM instance resource.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/compute_instance.md
---

# yandex_compute_instance (Resource)

A VM instance resource. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/vm).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Compute Instance
//
resource "yandex_compute_instance" "default" {
  name        = "test"
  platform_id = "standard-v3"
  zone        = "ru-central1-a"

  resources {
    cores  = 2
    memory = 4
  }

  boot_disk {
    disk_id = yandex_compute_disk.boot-disk.id
  }

  network_interface {
    index     = 1
    subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
  }

  metadata = {
    foo      = "bar"
    ssh-keys = "ubuntu:${file("~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub")}"
  }
}

// Auxiliary resources for Compute Instance
resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-a"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.5.0.0/24"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `boot_disk` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The boot disk for the instance. Either `initialize_params` or `disk_id` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--boot_disk))
- `network_interface` (Block List, Min: 1) Networks to attach to the instance. This can be specified multiple times. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_interface))
- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Compute resources that are allocated for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources))

### Optional

- `allow_recreate` (Boolean)
- `allow_stopping_for_update` (Boolean) If `true`, allows Terraform to stop the instance in order to update its properties. If you try to update a property that requires stopping the instance without setting this field, the update will fail.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `filesystem` (Block Set) List of filesystems that are attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filesystem))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `gpu_cluster_id` (String) ID of the GPU cluster to attach this instance to.
- `hostname` (String) Host name for the instance. This field is used to generate the instance `fqdn` value. The host name must be unique within the network and region. If not specified, the host name will be equal to `id` of the instance and `fqdn` will be `<id>.auto.internal`. Otherwise FQDN will be `<hostname>.<region_id>.internal`.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `local_disk` (Block List) List of local disks that are attached to the instance.

~> Local disks are not available for all users by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--local_disk))
- `maintenance_grace_period` (String) Time between notification via metadata service and maintenance. E.g., `60s`.
- `maintenance_policy` (String) Behavior on maintenance events. Can be: `unspecified`, `migrate`, `restart`. The default is `unspecified`.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata key/value pairs to make available from within the instance.
- `metadata_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options allow user to configure access to instance's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata_options))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `network_acceleration_type` (String) Type of network acceleration. Can be `standard` or `software_accelerated`. The default is `standard`.
- `placement_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The placement policy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--placement_policy))
- `platform_id` (String) The type of virtual machine to create.
- `scheduling_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Scheduling policy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scheduling_policy))
- `secondary_disk` (Block Set) A set of disks to attach to the instance. The structure is documented below.

~> The [`allow_stopping_for_update`](#allow_stopping_for_update) property must be set to `true` in order to update this structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secondary_disk))
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified DNS name of this instance.
- `hardware_generation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware_generation))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of this instance.

<a id="nestedblock--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_disk`

Optional:

- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Defines whether the disk will be auto-deleted when the instance is deleted. The default value is `True`.
- `device_name` (String) Name that can be used to access an attached disk.
- `disk_id` (String) The ID of the existing disk (such as those managed by `yandex_compute_disk`) to attach as a boot disk.
- `initialize_params` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for a new disk that will be created alongside the new instance. Either `initialize_params` or `disk_id` must be set. Either `image_id` or `snapshot_id` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--boot_disk--initialize_params))
- `mode` (String) Type of access to the disk resource. By default, a disk is attached in `READ_WRITE` mode.

<a id="nestedblock--boot_disk--initialize_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_disk.initialize_params`

Optional:

- `block_size` (Number) Block size of the disk, specified in bytes.
- `description` (String) Description of the boot disk.
- `image_id` (String) A disk image to initialize this disk from.
- `kms_key_id` (String) ID of KMS symmetric key used to encrypt disk.
- `name` (String) Name of the boot disk.
- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in GB.
- `snapshot_id` (String) A snapshot to initialize this disk from.
- `type` (String) Disk type.



<a id="nestedblock--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Required:

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to attach this interface to. The subnet must exist in the same zone where this instance will be created.

Optional:

- `dns_record` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv4 DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_interface--dns_record))
- `index` (Number) Index of network interface, will be calculated automatically for instance create or update operations if not specified. Required for attach/detach operations.
- `ip_address` (String) The private IP address to assign to the instance. If empty, the address will be automatically assigned from the specified subnet.
- `ipv4` (Boolean) Allocate an IPv4 address for the interface. The default value is `true`.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) If `true`, allocate an IPv6 address for the interface. The address will be automatically assigned from the specified subnet.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The private IPv6 address to assign to the instance.
- `ipv6_dns_record` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv6 DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_interface--ipv6_dns_record))
- `nat` (Boolean) Provide a public address, for instance, to access the internet over NAT.
- `nat_dns_record` (Block List) List of configurations for creating ipv4 NAT DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_interface--nat_dns_record))
- `nat_ip_address` (String) Provide a public address, for instance, to access the internet over NAT. Address should be already reserved in web UI.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Security Group (SG) IDs for network interface.

Read-Only:

- `mac_address` (String)
- `nat_ip_version` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--network_interface--dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface.dns_record`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN (must have a dot at the end).

Optional:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone used).
- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.
- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL in seconds.


<a id="nestedblock--network_interface--ipv6_dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface.ipv6_dns_record`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN (must have a dot at the end).

Optional:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone used).
- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.
- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL in seconds.


<a id="nestedblock--network_interface--nat_dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface.nat_dns_record`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) DNS record FQDN (must have a dot at the end).

Optional:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone ID (if not set, private zone used).
- `ptr` (Boolean) When set to `true`, also create a PTR DNS record.
- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL in seconds.



<a id="nestedblock--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `cores` (Number) CPU cores for the instance.
- `memory` (Number) Memory size in GB.

Optional:

- `core_fraction` (Number) If provided, specifies baseline performance for a core as a percent.
- `gpus` (Number) If provided, specifies the number of GPU devices for the instance.


<a id="nestedblock--filesystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filesystem`

Required:

- `filesystem_id` (String) ID of the filesystem that should be attached.

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) Name of the device representing the filesystem on the instance.
- `mode` (String) Mode of access to the filesystem that should be attached. By default, filesystem is attached in `READ_WRITE` mode.


<a id="nestedblock--local_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_disk`

Required:

- `size_bytes` (Number) Size of the disk, specified in bytes.

Read-Only:

- `device_name` (String) The name of the local disk device.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_options`

Optional:

- `aws_v1_http_endpoint` (Number)
- `aws_v1_http_token` (Number)
- `gce_http_endpoint` (Number)
- `gce_http_token` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--placement_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement_policy`

Optional:

- `host_affinity_rules` (List of Object) List of host affinity rules.

~> Due to terraform limitations, simply deleting the `placement_policy` fields does not work. To reset the values of these fields, you need to set them empty:

placement_policy {
    placement_group_id = ""
    host_affinity_rules = []
} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--placement_policy--host_affinity_rules))
- `placement_group_id` (String) Specifies the id of the Placement Group to assign to the instance.
- `placement_group_partition` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--placement_policy--host_affinity_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement_policy.host_affinity_rules`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `op` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--scheduling_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling_policy`

Optional:

- `preemptible` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance is preemptible. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--secondary_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secondary_disk`

Required:

- `disk_id` (String) ID of the disk that is attached to the instance.

Optional:

- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Whether the disk is auto-deleted when the instance is deleted. The default value is `false`.
- `device_name` (String) Name that can be used to access an attached disk under `/dev/disk/by-id/`.
- `mode` (String) Type of access to the disk resource. By default, a disk is attached in `READ_WRITE` mode.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--hardware_generation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation`

Read-Only:

- `generation2_features` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features))
- `legacy_features` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features))

<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--generation2_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.generation2_features`

Read-Only:



<a id="nestedobjatt--hardware_generation--legacy_features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware_generation.legacy_features`

Read-Only:

- `pci_topology` (String)

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_compute_instance.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_compute_instance.my_vm1 fhmur**********j51ah
```
