---
subcategory: Identity and Access Management (IAM)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy'
description: Allows management of the IAM policy for a Yandex IAM service account.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/iam_service_account_iam_policy.md
---

# yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy (Resource)

**IAM policy for a service account**
When managing IAM roles, you can treat a service account either as a resource or as an identity. This resource is used to add IAM policy bindings to a service account resource to configure permissions that define who can edit the service account.

There are three different resources that help you manage your IAM policy for a service account. Each of these resources is used for a different use case:
* [yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy](iam_service_account_iam_policy.html): Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the service account and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* [yandex_iam_service_account_iam_binding](iam_service_account_iam_binding.html): Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the service account are preserved.
* [yandex_iam_service_account_iam_member](iam_service_account_iam_member.html): Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role of the service account are preserved.

~> `yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `yandex_iam_service_account_iam_binding` and `yandex_iam_service_account_iam_member` or they will conflict over what your policy should be.

~> `yandex_iam_service_account_iam_binding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `yandex_iam_service_account_iam_member` resources **only if** they do not grant privileges to the same role.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new IAM Service Account IAM Policy.
//
data "yandex_iam_policy" "admin" {
  binding {
    role = "admin"

    members = [
      "userAccount:foobar_user_id",
    ]
  }
}

resource "yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy" "admin-account-iam" {
  service_account_id = "aje5a**********qspd3"
  policy_data        = data.yandex_iam_policy.admin.policy_data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_data` (String) Required only by `yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy`. The policy data generated by a `yandex_iam_policy` data source.
- `service_account_id` (String) The service account ID to apply a binding to.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_iam_service_account_iam_policy.admin-account-iam aje5a**********qspd3
```
