---
subcategory: IoT Core
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iot_core_broker'
description: Allows management of a Yandex Cloud IoT Core Broker.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/iot_core_broker.md
---

# yandex_iot_core_broker (Resource)

Allows management of [Yandex Cloud IoT Broker](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iot-core/quickstart).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new IoT Core Broker.
//
resource "yandex_iot_core_broker" "my_broker" {
  name        = "some_name"
  description = "any description"
  labels = {
    my-label = "my-label-value"
  }
  log_options {
    log_group_id = "log-group-id"
    min_level    = "ERROR"
  }
  certificates = [
    "public part of certificate1",
    "public part of certificate2"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Optional

- `certificates` (Set of String) A set of certificate's fingerprints for the IoT Core Broker.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for logging for IoT Core Broker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_options))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Is logging for broker disabled.
- `folder_id` (String) Log entries are written to default log group for specified folder.
- `log_group_id` (String) Log entries are written to specified log group.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum log entry level.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

~> Import for this resource is not implemented yet.
