---
subcategory: Key Management Service (KMS)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_kms_asymmetric_encryption_key'
description: Creates a Yandex KMS asymmetric encryption key that can be used for cryptographic operation.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/kms_asymmetric_encryption_key.md
---

# yandex_kms_asymmetric_encryption_key (Resource)

Creates a Yandex KMS asymmetric encryption key that can be used for cryptographic operation.

~> When Terraform destroys this key, any data previously encrypted with this key will be irrecoverable. For this reason, it is strongly recommended that you add lifecycle hooks to the resource to prevent accidental destruction.

For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/kms/concepts/).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new KMS Assymetric Encryption Key.
//
resource "yandex_kms_asymmetric_encryption_key" "key-a" {
  name                 = "example-asymetric-encryption-key"
  description          = "description for key"
  encryption_algorithm = "RSA_2048_ENC_OAEP_SHA_256"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `encryption_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm to be used with a new key. The default value is `RSA_2048_ENC_OAEP_SHA_256`.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the key.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_kms_asymmetric_encryption_key.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_kms_asymmetric_encryption_key.key-a abj7u**********j38cd
```
