---
subcategory: Network Load Balancer (NLB)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_lb_target_group'
description: A load balancer distributes the load across cloud resources that are combined into a target group.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/lb_target_group.md
---

# yandex_lb_target_group (Resource)

A TargetGroup resource. For more information, see [Target groups and resources](/docs/network-load-balancer/concepts/target-resources).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new NLB Target Group.
//
resource "yandex_lb_target_group" "my_tg" {
  name      = "my-target-group"
  region_id = "ru-central1"

  target {
    subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.my-subnet.id
    address   = yandex_compute_instance.my-instance-1.network_interface.0.ip_address
  }

  target {
    subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.my-subnet.id
    address   = yandex_compute_instance.my-instance-2.network_interface.0.ip_address
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the target group. 0-256 characters long.
- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder that the target group belongs to.
- `id` (String) ID of the TargetGroup resource to return.
 To get the target group ID, use a [TargetGroupService.List] request.
- `labels` (Map of String) Resource labels as `` key:value `` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the target group.
 The name is unique within the folder. 3-63 characters long.
- `region_id` (String) ID of the region where the target group resides.
- `target` (Block Set) A list of targets in the target group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target))
- `target_group_id` (String) ID of the TargetGroup resource to return.
 To get the target group ID, use a [TargetGroupService.List] request.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Output only. Creation timestamp in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) text format.

<a id="nestedblock--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IP address of the target.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet that targets are connected to.
 All targets in the target group must be connected to the same subnet within a single availability zone.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_lb_target_group.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_lb_target_group.my_tg ...
```
