---
subcategory: Managed Service for PostgreSQL
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_v2'
description: Manages a PostgreSQL cluster within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/mdb_postgresql_cluster_v2.md
---

# yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_v2 (Resource)

Manages a PostgreSQL cluster within the Yandex Cloud. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://cloud.yandex.com/docs/managed-postgresql/). [How to connect to the DB](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/quickstart#connect). To connect, use port 6432. The port number is not configurable.

## Example Usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new MDB PostgreSQL Cluster (v2).
//
resource "yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_v2" "my_v2_cluster" {
  name        = "test"
  environment = "PRESTABLE"
  network_id  = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id

  config {
    version = 17
    resources {
      resource_preset_id = "s2.micro"
      disk_type_id       = "network-ssd"
      disk_size          = 16
    }
    postgresql_config = {
      max_connections                = 395
      enable_parallel_hash           = true
      autovacuum_vacuum_scale_factor = 0.34
      default_transaction_isolation  = "TRANSACTION_ISOLATION_READ_COMMITTED"
      shared_preload_libraries       = "SHARED_PRELOAD_LIBRARIES_AUTO_EXPLAIN,SHARED_PRELOAD_LIBRARIES_PG_HINT_PLAN"
    }
  }

  maintenance_window {
    type = "WEEKLY"
    day  = "SAT"
    hour = 12
  }

  hosts = {
    "host1d" = {
      zone      = "ru-central1-d"
      subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
    }
  }
}

// Auxiliary resources
resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-d"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.5.0.0/24"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `hosts` (Attributes Map) A host configuration of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosts))
- `name` (String) Name of the PostgreSQL cluster. Provided by the client when the cluster is created.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.

### Optional

- `config` (Block, Optional) Configuration of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) Description of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `disk_encryption_key_id` (String) ID of the KMS key for cluster disk encryption.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Maintenance policy of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `restore` (Attributes) The cluster will be created from the specified backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restore))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosts`

Required:

- `zone` (String) The availability zone where the host is located.

Optional:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether the host should get a public IP address.
- `replication_source` (String) FQDN of the host that is used as a replication source.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the host is located.

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.


<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `version` (String) Version of the PostgreSQL cluster.

Optional:

- `access` (Attributes) Access policy to the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--access))
- `autofailover` (Boolean) Configuration setting which enables/disables automatic failover in the cluster.
- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) The period in days during which backups are stored.
- `backup_window_start` (Attributes) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backup_window_start))
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (Attributes) Cluster disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `performance_diagnostics` (Attributes) Cluster performance diagnostics settings. The structure is documented below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--performance_diagnostics))
- `pooler_config` (Attributes) Configuration of the connection pooler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--pooler_config))
- `postgresql_config` (Map of String) PostgreSQL cluster configuration. For detailed information specific to your PostgreSQL version, please refer to the [API proto specifications](https://github.com/yandex-cloud/cloudapi/tree/master/yandex/cloud/mdb/postgresql/v1/config).
- `resources` (Block, Optional) Resources allocated to hosts of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--config--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for Yandex DataLens.
- `data_transfer` (Boolean) Allow access for DataTransfer
- `serverless` (Boolean) Allow access for connection to managed databases from functions
- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for SQL queries in the management console


<a id="nestedatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Optional:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started (UTC).
- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started.


<a id="nestedatt--config--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.disk_size_autoscaling`

Required:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) The overall maximum for disk size that limit all autoscaling iterations. See the [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/managed-postgresql/concepts/storage#auto-rescale) for details.

Optional:

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Threshold of storage usage (in percent) that triggers immediate automatic scaling of the storage. Zero value means disabled threshold.
- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Threshold of storage usage (in percent) that triggers automatic scaling of the storage during the maintenance window. Zero value means disabled threshold.


<a id="nestedatt--config--performance_diagnostics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.performance_diagnostics`

Required:

- `sessions_sampling_interval` (Number) Interval (in seconds) for pg_stat_activity sampling. Acceptable values are 1 to 86400, inclusive.
- `statements_sampling_interval` (Number) Interval (in seconds) for pg_stat_statements sampling. Acceptable values are 60 to 86400, inclusive.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable performance diagnostics


<a id="nestedatt--config--pooler_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.pooler_config`

Optional:

- `pool_discard` (Boolean) Setting pool_discard parameter in Odyssey.
- `pooling_mode` (String) Mode that the connection pooler is working in. See descriptions of all modes in the [documentation for Odyssey](https://github.com/yandex/odyssey/blob/master/documentation/configuration.md#pool-string.)


<a id="nestedblock--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of the week (in DDD format). Allowed values: "MON", "TUE", "WED", "THU", "FRI", "SAT","SUN"
- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day in UTC (in HH format). Allowed value is between 1 and 24.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either ANYTIME or WEEKLY. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.


<a id="nestedatt--restore"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restore`

Required:

- `backup_id` (String) Backup ID. The cluster will be created from the specified backup. [How to get a list of PostgreSQL backups](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/operations/cluster-backups).

Optional:

- `time` (String) Timestamp of the moment to which the PostgreSQL cluster should be restored. (Format: `2006-01-02T15:04:05` - UTC). When not set, current time is used.
- `time_inclusive` (Boolean) Flag that indicates whether a database should be restored to the first backup point available just after the timestamp specified in the [time] field instead of just before. Possible values:
* `false` (default) — the restore point refers to the first backup moment before [time].
* `true` — the restore point refers to the first backup point after [time].


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_v2.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_v2.my_v2_cluster ...
```
