---
subcategory: Managed Service for Redis
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_redis_cluster'
description: Manages a Redis cluster within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/mdb_redis_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_redis_cluster (Resource)

Manages a Redis cluster within the Yandex Cloud. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/concepts).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new MDB Redis Cluster.
//
resource "yandex_mdb_redis_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name        = "test"
  environment = "PRESTABLE"
  network_id  = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id

  config {
    password = "your_password"
    version  = "6.2"
  }

  resources {
    resource_preset_id = "hm1.nano"
    disk_size          = 16
  }

  host {
    zone      = "ru-central1-d"
    subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
  }

  maintenance_window {
    type = "ANYTIME"
  }
}

resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-d"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.5.0.0/24"]
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new MDB Sharded Redis Cluster.
//
resource "yandex_mdb_redis_cluster" "foo" {
  name        = "test"
  environment = "PRESTABLE"
  network_id  = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  sharded     = true

  config {
    version  = "6.2"
    password = "your_password"
  }

  resources {
    resource_preset_id = "hm1.nano"
    disk_size          = 16
  }

  host {
    zone       = "ru-central1-a"
    subnet_id  = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
    shard_name = "first"
  }

  host {
    zone       = "ru-central1-b"
    subnet_id  = yandex_vpc_subnet.bar.id
    shard_name = "second"
  }

  host {
    zone       = "ru-central1-d"
    subnet_id  = yandex_vpc_subnet.baz.id
    shard_name = "third"
  }
}

// Auxiliary resources
resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-a"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.1.0.0/24"]
}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "bar" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-b"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.2.0.0/24"]
}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "baz" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-d"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.3.0.0/24"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Redis cluster. Can be either `PRESTABLE` or `PRODUCTION`.
- `host` (Block List, Min: 1) A host of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--host))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources))

### Optional

- `access` (Block List, Max: 1) Access policy to the Redis cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access))
- `announce_hostnames` (Boolean) Announce fqdn instead of ip address.
- `auth_sentinel` (Boolean) Allows to use ACL users to auth in sentinel
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (Block List, Max: 1) Disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (Block List, Max: 1) Maintenance window settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--maintenance_window))
- `persistence_mode` (String) Persistence mode. Possible values: `ON`, `OFF`.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `sharded` (Boolean) Redis Cluster mode enabled/disabled. Enables sharding when cluster non-sharded. If cluster is sharded - disabling is not allowed.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) TLS support mode enabled/disabled.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/api-ref/Cluster/).

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the Redis cluster.
- `version` (String) Version of Redis.

Optional:

- `allow_data_loss` (Boolean) Allows some data to be lost in favor of faster switchover/restart by RDSync.
- `backup_window_start` (Block List, Max: 1) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--backup_window_start))
- `client_output_buffer_limit_normal` (String) Normal clients output buffer limits. See [redis config file](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.2/redis.conf#L1841).
- `client_output_buffer_limit_pubsub` (String) Pubsub clients output buffer limits. See [redis config file](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.2/redis.conf#L1843).
- `cluster_allow_pubsubshard_when_down` (Boolean) Permits Pub/Sub shard operations when cluster is down.
- `cluster_allow_reads_when_down` (Boolean) Allows read operations when cluster is down.
- `cluster_require_full_coverage` (Boolean) Controls whether all hash slots must be covered by nodes.
- `databases` (Number) Number of databases (changing requires redis-server restart).
- `io_threads_allowed` (Boolean) Allow Redis to use io-threads.
- `lfu_decay_time` (Number) The time, in minutes, that must elapse in order for the key counter to be divided by two (or decremented if it has a value less <= 10).
- `lfu_log_factor` (Number) Determines how the frequency counter represents key hits.
- `lua_time_limit` (Number) Maximum time in milliseconds for Lua scripts.
- `maxmemory_percent` (Number) Redis maxmemory usage in percent
- `maxmemory_policy` (String) Redis key eviction policy for a dataset that reaches maximum memory. Can be any of the listed in [the official RedisDB documentation](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/eviction-policy/).
- `notify_keyspace_events` (String) Select the events that Redis will notify among a set of classes.
- `repl_backlog_size_percent` (Number) Replication backlog size as a percentage of flavor maxmemory.
- `slowlog_log_slower_than` (Number) Log slow queries below this number in microseconds.
- `slowlog_max_len` (Number) Slow queries log length.
- `timeout` (Number) Close the connection after a client is idle for N seconds.
- `turn_before_switchover` (Boolean) Allows to turn before switchover in RDSync.
- `use_luajit` (Boolean) Use JIT for lua scripts and functions.
- `zset_max_listpack_entries` (Number) Controls max number of entries in zset before conversion from memory-efficient listpack to CPU-efficient hash table and skiplist

<a id="nestedblock--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Optional:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started.
- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started.



<a id="nestedblock--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Required:

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

Optional:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Sets whether the host should get a public IP address or not.
- `replica_priority` (Number) Replica priority of a current replica (usable for non-sharded only).
- `shard_name` (String) The name of the shard to which the host belongs.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet, to which the host belongs. The subnet must be a part of the network to which the cluster belongs.

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.


<a id="nestedblock--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a host, in gigabytes.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/concepts).

Optional:

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of Redis hosts - environment default is used if missing.


<a id="nestedblock--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for DataLens. Can be either `true` or `false`.
- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for Web SQL. Can be either `true` or `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_size_autoscaling`

Required:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Limit of disk size after autoscaling (GiB).

Optional:

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Immediate autoscaling disk usage (percent).
- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Maintenance window autoscaling disk usage (percent).


<a id="nestedblock--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window if window type is weekly. Possible values: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window if window type is weekly.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_mdb_redis_cluster.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_mdb_redis_cluster.my_cluster ...
```
