---
subcategory: Managed Service for Sharded PostgreSQL
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_sharded_postgresql_cluster'
description: Manages a Sharded PostgreSQL cluster within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/mdb_sharded_postgresql_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_sharded_postgresql_cluster (Resource)

Manages a ShardedPostgresql cluste within the Yandex Cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new MDB Sharded PostgreSQL Cluster.
//
resource "yandex_mdb_sharded_postgresql_cluster" "default" {
  name        = "test"
  environment = "PRESTABLE"
  network_id  = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id

  config = {
    backup_retain_period_days = 10
    sharded_postgresql_config = {
      common = {
        console_password = "P@ssw0rd"
        log_level = "INFO"
      }
      router = {
        resources = {
          resource_preset_id = "s2.micro"
          disk_type_id       = "network-ssd"
          disk_size          = 32
        }
        config = {
          show_notice_messages = false
          prefer_same_availability_zone = true
        }
      }
      coordinator = {
        resources = {
          resource_preset_id = "s2.micro"
          disk_type_id       = "network-ssd"
          disk_size          = 32
        }
      }
      balancer = {}
    }
  }

  hosts = {
    "router1" = {
      zone      = "ru-central1-a"
      subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
      assign_public_ip = false
      type = "ROUTER"
    }
    "router2" = {
      zone      = "ru-central1-d"
      subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
      assign_public_ip = false
      type = "ROUTER"
    }
    "coordinator" = {
      zone      = "ru-central1-d"
      subnet_id = yandex_vpc_subnet.foo.id
      assign_public_ip = false
      type = "COORDINATOR"
    }
  }
}

// Auxiliary resources
resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "foo" {
  zone           = "ru-central1-d"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.foo.id
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.5.0.0/24"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration of the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `hosts` (Attributes Map) A host configuration of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosts))
- `name` (String) Name of the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster. Provided by the client when the cluster is created.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) Description of the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Maintenance policy of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `sharded_postgresql_config` (Attributes) Sharded PostgreSQL cluster configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config))

Optional:

- `access` (Attributes) Access policy to the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--access))
- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) The period in days during which backups are stored.
- `backup_window_start` (Attributes) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backup_window_start))

<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config`

Optional:

- `balancer` (Map of String) Balancer specific configuration.
- `common` (Map of String) General settings for all types of hosts.
- `coordinator` (Attributes) Coordinator specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--coordinator))
- `infra` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--infra))
- `router` (Attributes) Router specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--router))

<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--coordinator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config.coordinator`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allocated to routers of the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--coordinator--resources))

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Coordinator settings.

<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--coordinator--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config.coordinator.resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.



<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--infra"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config.infra`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allocated to routers of the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--infra--resources))

Optional:

- `coordinator` (Map of String) Coordinator settings.
- `router` (Map of String) Router settings.

<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--infra--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config.infra.resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.



<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--router"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config.router`

Required:

- `resources` (Attributes) Resources allocated to routers of the Sharded PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--router--resources))

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) Router settings.

<a id="nestedatt--config--sharded_postgresql_config--router--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sharded_postgresql_config.router.resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.




<a id="nestedatt--config--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for Yandex DataLens.
- `data_transfer` (Boolean) Allow access for DataTransfer
- `serverless` (Boolean) Allow access for connection to managed databases from functions
- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for SQL queries in the management console


<a id="nestedatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Optional:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started (UTC).
- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started (UTC).



<a id="nestedatt--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosts`

Required:

- `type` (String)
- `zone` (String) The availability zone where the host is located.

Optional:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Assign a public IP address to the host.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the host is located.

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of the week (in DDD format). Allowed values: "MON", "TUE", "WED", "THU", "FRI", "SAT","SUN"
- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day in UTC (in HH format). Allowed value is between 1 and 24.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either ANYTIME or WEEKLY. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_mdb_sharded_postgresql_cluster.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_mdb_sharded_postgresql_cluster.my_cluster ...
```
