---
subcategory: Managed Service for Hive Metastore
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_metastore_cluster'
description: Manages Hive Metastore cluster within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/metastore_cluster.md
---

# yandex_metastore_cluster (Resource)

Managed Metastore cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Metastore Cluster.
//
resource "yandex_metastore_cluster" "my_metastore_cluster" {
  name               = "metastore-created-with-terraform"
  subnet_ids         = [yandex_vpc_subnet.a.id]
  security_group_ids = [yandex_vpc_security_group.metastore-sg.id]
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.for-metastore.id

  cluster_config = {
    resource_preset_id = "c2-m8"
  }

  maintenance_window = {
    type = "WEEKLY"
    day  = "MON"
    hour = 12
  }

  description = "My awesome Metastore"

  logging = {
    enabled   = true
    folder_id = var.folder_id
    min_level = "INFO"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_config` (Attributes) Hive Metastore cluster configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_config))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) with role `managed-metastore.integrationProvider`. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/metadata-hub/concepts/metastore-impersonation).
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion. By default is set to `false`.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `logging` (Attributes) Cloud Logging configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Configuration of window for maintenance operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `version` (String) Metastore server version.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `endpoint_ip` (String) IP address of Metastore server balancer endpoint.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `network_id` (String) VPC network identifier which resource is attached.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`.

<a id="nestedatt--cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config`

Required:

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables delivery of logs generated by Metastore to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).

Optional:

- `folder_id` (String) Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `log_group_id` (String) Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_metastore_cluster.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_metastore_cluster.my_metastore_cluster <cluster-id>
```
