---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_group_membership'
description: Allows management of members of Yandex Cloud Organization Manager Group.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/organizationmanager_group_membership.md
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_group_membership (Resource)

Allows members management of a single Yandex Cloud Organization Manager Group. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/organization/manage-groups#add-member).

{% note warning %}

Multiple `yandex_organizationmanager_group_iam_binding` resources with the same group id will produce inconsistent behavior!

{% endnote %}


## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OrganizationManager Group Membership.
//
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_group_membership" "group" {
  group_id = "sdf4*********3fr"
  members = [
    "xdf********123"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The Group to add/remove members to/from.
- `members` (Set of String) A set of members of the Group. Each member is represented by an id.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

{% note warning %}

Import for this resource is not implemented yet.

{% endnote %}
