---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_idp_userpool_domain'
description: Allows management of Identity Hub userpool domains for a Yandex Organization Manager organization.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/organizationmanager_idp_userpool_domain.md
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_idp_userpool_domain (Resource)

A domain associated with a userpool.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OrganizationManager Idp Userpool Domain.
//
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_idp_userpool_domain" "example_domain" {
  userpool_id = "your_userpool_id"
  domain      = "example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) Domain name.
- `userpool_id` (String) ID of the userpool to get a domain for.

### Optional

- `id` (String) ID in format userpool_id:domain
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the domain was created.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
