---
subcategory: Resource Manager
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member'
description: Allows management of a single member for a single IAM binding on a Yandex Resource Manager cloud.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member.md
---

# yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member (Resource)

Allows creation and management of a single member for a single binding within the IAM policy for an existing Yandex Resource Manager cloud.

~> Roles controlled by `yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_binding` should not be assigned using `yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member`.

~> When you delete `yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_binding` resource, the roles can be deleted from other users within the cloud as well. Be careful!

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Cloud and new IAM Member for it.
//
data "yandex_resourcemanager_cloud" "department1" {
  name = "Department 1"
}

resource "yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member" "admin" {
  cloud_id = data.yandex_resourcemanager_cloud.department1.id
  role     = "editor"
  member   = "userAccount:user_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_id` (String) The ID of the cloud to attach the policy to.
- `member` (String) An array of identities that will be granted the privilege in the `role`. Each entry can have one of the following values:
  * **userAccount:{user_id}**: A unique user ID that represents a specific Yandex account.
  * **serviceAccount:{service_account_id}**: A unique service account ID.
  * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}**: A unique federated user ID.
  * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}:**: A unique SAML federation user account ID.
  * **group:{group_id}**: A unique group ID.
  * **system:group:federation:{federation_id}:users**: All users in federation.
  * **system:group:organization:{organization_id}:users**: All users in organization.
  * **system:allAuthenticatedUsers**: All authenticated users.
  * **system:allUsers**: All users, including unauthenticated ones.

~> for more information about system groups, see [Cloud Documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/access-control/system-group).
- `role` (String) The role that should be applied. See [roles catalog](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/roles-reference).

### Optional

- `sleep_after` (Number)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member.<resource Name> "<resource Id> <resource Role> <subject>"
terraform import yandex_resourcemanager_cloud_iam_member.admin "b1g3a**********qc5df admin foo@example.com"
```
