---
subcategory: Resource Manager
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_resourcemanager_cloud'
description: Allows management of the Cloud resource.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/resourcemanager_cloud.md
---

# yandex_resourcemanager_cloud (Resource)

A Cloud resource. For more information, see [Cloud](/docs/resource-manager/concepts/resources-hierarchy#cloud).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Cloud.
//
resource "yandex_resourcemanager_cloud" "my_cloud" {
  organization_id = "my_organization_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the cloud. 3-63 characters long.

### Optional

- `cloud_id` (String) ID of the Cloud resource to return.
 To get the cloud ID, use a [CloudService.List] request.
- `description` (String) Description of the cloud. 0-256 characters long.
- `id` (String) ID of the Cloud resource to return.
 To get the cloud ID, use a [CloudService.List] request.
- `labels` (Map of String) Resource labels as `` key:value `` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of the organization that the cloud belongs to.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_resourcemanager_cloud.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_resourcemanager_cloud.my_cloud b1g3a**********qc5df
```
