---
subcategory: Serverless Containers
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_serverless_container'
description: Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/serverless_container.md
---

# yandex_serverless_container (Resource)

Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Serverless Container.
//
resource "yandex_serverless_container" "test-container" {
  name               = "some_name"
  description        = "any description"
  memory             = 256
  execution_timeout  = "15s"
  cores              = 1
  core_fraction      = 100
  service_account_id = "are1service2account3id"
  runtime {
    type = "task"
  }
  secrets {
    id                   = yandex_lockbox_secret.secret.id
    version_id           = yandex_lockbox_secret_version.secret_version.id
    key                  = "secret-key"
    environment_variable = "ENV_VARIABLE"
  }
  mounts {
    mount_point_path = "/mount/point"
    ephemeral_disk {
      size_gb = 5
    }
  }
  image {
    url = "cr.yandex/yc/test-image:v1"
  }
  log_options {
    log_group_id = "e2392vo6d1bne2aeq9fr"
    min_level    = "ERROR"
  }
  provision_policy {
    min_instances = 1
  }
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new Serverless Container with Image digest.
//
resource "yandex_serverless_container" "test-container-with-digest" {
  name   = "some_name"
  memory = 128
  image {
    url    = "cr.yandex/yc/test-image:v1"
    digest = "sha256:e1d772fa8795adac847a2420c87d0d2e3d38fb02f168cab8c0b5fe2fb95c47f4"
  }
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new Serverless Container with Storage mount.
//
locals {
  folder_id = "folder_id"
}

resource "yandex_serverless_container" "test-container-object-storage-mount" {
  name               = "some_name"
  memory             = 128
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.sa.id
  image {
    url = "cr.yandex/yc/test-image:v1"
  }
  mounts {
    mount_point_path = "/mount/point"
    mode             = "ro"
    object_storage {
      bucket = yandex_storage_bucket.my-bucket.bucket
    }
  }
}

// Auxiliary resources
resource "yandex_iam_service_account" "sa" {
  folder_id = local.folder_id
  name      = "test-sa"
}

resource "yandex_resourcemanager_folder_iam_member" "sa-editor" {
  folder_id = local.folder_id
  role      = "storage.editor"
  member    = "serviceAccount:${yandex_iam_service_account.sa.id}"
}

resource "yandex_iam_service_account_static_access_key" "sa-static-key" {
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.sa.id
  description        = "static access key for object storage"
}

resource "yandex_storage_bucket" "my-bucket" {
  access_key = yandex_iam_service_account_static_access_key.sa-static-key.access_key
  secret_key = yandex_iam_service_account_static_access_key.sa-static-key.secret_key
  bucket     = "bucket"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Revision deployment image for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--image))
- `memory` (Number) Memory in megabytes (**aligned to 128 MB**).
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Optional

- `concurrency` (Number) Concurrency of Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `connectivity` (Block List, Max: 1) Network access. If specified the revision will be attached to specified network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectivity))
- `core_fraction` (Number) Core fraction (**0...100**) of the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `cores` (Number) Cores (**1+**) of the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `execution_timeout` (String) Execution timeout in seconds (**duration format**) for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for logging from Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_options))
- `metadata_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options set the access mode to revision's metadata endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata_options))
- `mounts` (Block List) Mounts for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts))
- `provision_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Provision policy. If specified the revision will have prepared instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provision_policy))
- `runtime` (Block List, Max: 1) Runtime for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime))
- `secrets` (Block List) Secrets for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secrets))
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.
- `storage_mounts` (Block List, Deprecated) (**DEPRECATED**, use `mounts.object_storage` instead) Storage mounts for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_mounts))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `revision_id` (String) Last revision ID of the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `url` (String) Invoke URL for the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

<a id="nestedblock--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of image that will be deployed as Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) List of arguments for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `command` (List of String) List of commands for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `digest` (String) Digest of image that will be deployed as Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. If presented, should be equal to digest that will be resolved at server side by URL. Container will be updated on digest change even if `image.0.url` stays the same. If field not specified then its value will be computed.
- `environment` (Map of String) A set of key/value environment variable pairs for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. Each key must begin with a letter (A-Z, a-z).
- `work_dir` (String) Working directory for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.


<a id="nestedblock--connectivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectivity`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) Network the revision will have access to.


<a id="nestedblock--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Is logging from container disabled.
- `folder_id` (String) Log entries are written to default log group for specified folder.
- `log_group_id` (String) Log entries are written to specified log group.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum log entry level.


<a id="nestedblock--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_options`

Optional:

- `aws_v1_http_endpoint` (Number) Enables access to AWS flavored metadata (IMDSv1). Values: `0` - default, `1` - enabled, `2` - disabled.
- `gce_http_endpoint` (Number) Enables access to GCE flavored metadata. Values: `0`- default, `1` - enabled, `2` - disabled.


<a id="nestedblock--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts`

Required:

- `mount_point_path` (String) Path inside the container to access the directory in which the target is mounted.

Optional:

- `ephemeral_disk` (Block List, Max: 1) One of the available mount types. Disk available during the function execution time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts--ephemeral_disk))
- `mode` (String) Mount’s accessibility mode. Valid values are `ro` and `rw`.
- `object_storage` (Block List, Max: 1) Available mount types. Object storage as a mount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts--object_storage))

<a id="nestedblock--mounts--ephemeral_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.ephemeral_disk`

Required:

- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the ephemeral disk in GB.

Optional:

- `block_size_kb` (Number) Block size of the ephemeral disk in KB.


<a id="nestedblock--mounts--object_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.object_storage`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the mounting bucket.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix within the bucket. If you leave this field empty, the entire bucket will be mounted.



<a id="nestedblock--provision_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy`

Required:

- `min_instances` (Number) Minimum number of prepared instances that are always ready to serve requests.


<a id="nestedblock--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the runtime for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. Valid values are `http` and `task`.


<a id="nestedblock--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `environment_variable` (String) Container's environment variable in which secret's value will be stored. Must begin with a letter (A-Z, a-z).
- `id` (String) Secret's ID.
- `key` (String) Secret's entries key which value will be stored in environment variable.
- `version_id` (String) Secret's version ID.


<a id="nestedblock--storage_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_mounts`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the mounting bucket.
- `mount_point_path` (String) Path inside the container to access the directory in which the bucket is mounted.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix within the bucket. If you leave this field empty, the entire bucket will be mounted.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount the bucket in read-only mode.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_serverless_container.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_serverless_container.test-container ...
```
