---
subcategory: Managed Service for Trino
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_trino_cluster'
description: Manages Trino cluster within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/trino_cluster.md
---

# yandex_trino_cluster (Resource)

Managed Trino cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
resource "yandex_trino_cluster" "trino" {
  name               = "trino-created-with-terraform"
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.trino.id
  subnet_ids         = [yandex_vpc_subnet.a.id, yandex_vpc_subnet.b.id, yandex_vpc_subnet.d.id]

  coordinator = {
    resource_preset_id = "c8-m32"
  }

  worker = {
    fixed_scale = {
      count = 4
    }
    resource_preset_id = "c4-m16"
  }


  retry_policy = {
    additional_properties = {
      fault-tolerant-execution-max-task-split-count = 1024
    }
    policy = "TASK"
    exchange_manager = {
      additional_properties = {
        exchange.sink-buffer-pool-min-size = 16
      }
      service_s3 = {}
    }
  }

  maintenance_window = {
    day  = "MON"
    hour = 15
    type = "ANYTIME"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `coordinator` (Attributes) Configuration of `coordinator` instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coordinator))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-trino/concepts/impersonation).
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `worker` (Attributes) Configuration of worker instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker))

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `logging` (Attributes) Cloud Logging configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Configuration of window for maintenance operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `retry_policy` (Attributes) Configuration for retry policy, specifying the spooling storage destination and other settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_policy))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `version` (String) Trino version. Format: "Number".

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--coordinator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coordinator`

Required:

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--worker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker`

Required:

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).

Optional:

- `auto_scale` (Attributes) A scaling policy that dynamically adjusts the number of worker instances based on the cluster's workload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker--auto_scale))
- `fixed_scale` (Attributes) A fixed scaling policy that specifies a fixed number of worker instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker--fixed_scale))

<a id="nestedatt--worker--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker.auto_scale`

Required:

- `max_count` (Number) The maximum number of worker instances.
- `min_count` (Number) The minimum number of worker instances.


<a id="nestedatt--worker--fixed_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker.fixed_scale`

Required:

- `count` (Number) Specifies the number of worker instances.



<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables delivery of logs generated by the Trino components to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).

Optional:

- `folder_id` (String) Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `log_group_id` (String) Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
- `min_level` (String) Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.


<a id="nestedatt--retry_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_policy`

Required:

- `exchange_manager` (Attributes) Configuration for exchange manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager))
- `policy` (String) Retry policy level

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (Map of String) Additional properties.

<a id="nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_policy.exchange_manager`

Required:

- `service_s3` (Attributes) Use S3 created on service side as exchange manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager--service_s3))

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (Map of String) Additional properties.

<a id="nestedatt--retry_policy--exchange_manager--service_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry_policy.exchange_manager.service_s3`




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_trino_cluster.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_tirno_cluster.my_trino_cluster c9qk5**********h6a91
```