---
subcategory: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_vpc_subnet'
description: A VPC network is a virtual version of the traditional physical networks that exist within and between physical data centers.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/vpc_subnet.md
---

# yandex_vpc_subnet (Resource)

Manages a subnet within the Yandex Cloud. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/network#subnet).

* How-to Guides
  * [Cloud Networking](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/)
  * [VPC Addressing](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/address)

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new VPC Subnet.
//
resource "yandex_vpc_subnet" "my_subnet" {
  v4_cidr_blocks = ["10.2.0.0/16"]
  zone           = "ru-central1-a"
  network_id     = yandex_vpc_network.lab-net.id
}

resource "yandex_vpc_network" "lab-net" {
  name = "lab-network"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) ID of the network this subnet belongs to. Only networks that are in the distributed mode can have subnets.
- `v4_cidr_blocks` (List of String) A list of blocks of internal IPv4 addresses that are owned by this subnet. Provide this property when you create the subnet. For example, `10.0.0.0/22` or `192.168.0.0/16`. Blocks of addresses must be unique and non-overlapping within a network. Minimum subnet size is `/28`, and maximum subnet size is `/16`. Only IPv4 is supported.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `dhcp_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for DHCP client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dhcp_options))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `route_table_id` (String) The ID of the route table to assign to this subnet. Assigned route table should belong to the same network as this subnet.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `v6_cidr_blocks` (List of String) An optional list of blocks of IPv6 addresses that are owned by this subnet.

<a id="nestedblock--dhcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_options`

Optional:

- `domain_name` (String) Domain name.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) Domain name server IP addresses.
- `ntp_servers` (List of String) NTP server IP addresses.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_vpc_subnet.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_vpc_subnet.my_subnet ...
```
