---
subcategory: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_vpc_address'
description: Manages a VPC address within Yandex Cloud.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/vpc_address.md
---

# yandex_vpc_address (Resource)

Manages a address within the Yandex Cloud. You can only create a reserved (static) address via this resource. An ephemeral address could be obtained via implicit creation at a compute instance creation only. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/address).

* How-to Guides
  * [Cloud Networking](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/)
  * [VPC Addressing](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/address)

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new VPC regular IPv4 Address.
//
resource "yandex_vpc_address" "addr" {
  name = "exampleAddress"

  external_ipv4_address {
    zone_id = "ru-central1-a"
  }
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new VPC IPv4 Address with DDoS Protection.
//
resource "yandex_vpc_address" "vpnaddr" {
  name = "vpnaddr"

  external_ipv4_address {
    zone_id                  = "ru-central1-a"
    ddos_protection_provider = "qrator"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `dns_record` (Block List) DNS record specification of address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_record))
- `external_ipv4_address` (Block List, Max: 1) Specification of IPv4 address.

{% note warning %}

Either one `address` or `zone_id` arguments can be specified.

{% endnote %}


{% note warning %}

Either one `ddos_protection_provider` or `outgoing_smtp_capability` arguments can be specified.

{% endnote %}


{% note warning %}

Change any argument in `external_ipv4_address` will cause an address recreate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--external_ipv4_address))

{% endnote %}

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `reserved` (Boolean) `false` means that address is ephemeral.
- `used` (Boolean) `true` if address is used.

<a id="nestedblock--dns_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_record`

Required:

- `dns_zone_id` (String) DNS zone id to create record at.
- `fqdn` (String) FQDN for record to address.

Optional:

- `ptr` (Boolean) If PTR record is needed.
- `ttl` (Number) TTL of DNS record.


<a id="nestedblock--external_ipv4_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ipv4_address`

Optional:

- `ddos_protection_provider` (String) Enable DDOS protection. Possible values are: `qrator`
- `outgoing_smtp_capability` (String) Wanted outgoing smtp capability.
- `zone_id` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Allocated IP address.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_vpc_address.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_vpc_address.addr ...
```
