---
subcategory: Managed Service for YDB
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_ydb_database_serverless'
description: Manages Yandex Database serverless cluster.
sourcePath: ru/terraform/tf-ref/resources/ydb_database_serverless.md
---

# yandex_ydb_database_serverless (Resource)

Yandex Database (serverless) resource. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/ydb/concepts/serverless_and_dedicated).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new YDB Serverless Database.
//
resource "yandex_ydb_database_serverless" "my_ydb" {
  name      = "test-ydb-serverless"
  folder_id = data.yandex_resourcemanager_folder.test_folder.id

  deletion_protection = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `location_id` (String) Location ID for the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `serverless_database` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--serverless_database))
- `sleep_after` (Number)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database_path` (String) Full database path of the Yandex Database serverless cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `document_api_endpoint` (String) Document API endpoint of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Whether TLS is enabled for the Yandex Database serverless cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_api_endpoint` (String) API endpoint of the Yandex Database serverless cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_full_endpoint` (String) Full endpoint of the Yandex Database serverless cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--serverless_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `serverless_database`

Optional:

- `enable_throttling_rcu_limit` (Boolean)
- `provisioned_rcu_limit` (Number)
- `storage_size_limit` (Number)
- `throttling_rcu_limit` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_ydb_database_serverless.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_ydb_database_serverless.my_ydb ...
```
