---
editable: false
---

# yc managed-airflow cluster create

Create Airflow cluster

#### Command Usage

Syntax:

`yc managed-airflow cluster create <CLUSTER-NAME> [Flags...] [Global Flags...]`

#### Flags

#|
||Flag | Description ||
|| `--name` | `string`

Name of the Airflow cluster. ||
|| `--description` | `string`

Description of the cluster. ||
|| `--labels` | `key=value[,key=value...]`

A list of Airflow cluster labels as key-value pairs. ||
|| `--webserver` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Configuration of webserver instances.

Possible property names:

- `count`: The number of instances in the cluster.

- `resource-preset-id`: ID of the preset for computational resources available to the component (CPU, memory etc.). ||
|| `--scheduler` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Configuration of scheduler instances.

Possible property names:

- `count`: The number of instances in the cluster.

- `resource-preset-id`: ID of the preset for computational resources available to the component (CPU, memory etc.). ||
|| `--dag-processor` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Configuration of dag-processor instances.

Possible property names:

- `count`: The number of instances in the cluster.

- `resource-preset-id`: ID of the preset for computational resources available to the component (CPU, memory etc.). ||
|| `--triggerer` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Configuration of triggerer instances.

Possible property names:

- `count`: The number of instances in the cluster.

- `resource-preset-id`: ID of the preset for computational resources available to the component (CPU, memory etc.). ||
|| `--worker` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Configuration of worker instances.

Possible property names:

- `min-count`: The min number of instances in the cluster.

- `max-count`: The max number of instances in the cluster.

- `resource-preset-id`: ID of the preset for computational resources available to the component (CPU, memory etc.). ||
|| `--maintenance-window` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Maintenance window settings.

Possible property names:

- `type`: Type of maintenance window, it can be 'anytime' or 'weekly'. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.

- `hour`: Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window if window type is weekly.

- `day`: Day of week for maintenance window if window type is weekly. One of MON, TUE, WED, THU, FRI, SAT, SUN. Values: 'mon', 'tue', 'wed', 'thu', 'fri', 'sat', 'sun' ||
|| `--airflow-config` | `key=value[,key=value...]`

Configuration of the Apache Airflow application itself. The key format is "&lt;section-name&gt;.&lt;property-name&gt;". For more information about possible properties see documentation https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html.
Example of usage: --airflow-config api.maximum_page_limit=150. ||
|| `--deb-packages` | `value[,value]`

A list of system packages that are installed in the cluster. ||
|| `--pip-packages` | `value[,value]`

A list of python packages that are installed in the cluster. ||
|| `--airflow-version` | `string`

Version of Apache Airflow. ||
|| `--python-version` | `string`

Version of Python that Airflow will run on ||
|| `--lockbox-secrets-backend` | Whether the Lockbox Secret Backend will be allowed for the cluster. ||
|| `--subnet-ids` | `value[,value]`

List of IDs of VPC network subnets where instances of the cluster are attached. ||
|| `--security-group-ids` | `value[,value]`

A list of security groups for the Airflow cluster. ||
|| `--service-account-id` | `string`

A service account id used to access Cloud resources. ||
|| `--admin-password` | `string`

A password of user 'admin' in Airflow. ||
|| `--deletion-protection` | Deletion Protection inhibits deletion of the cluster. ||
|| `--log-enabled` | Whether logs generated by the Airflow components are delivered to Cloud Logging. ||
|| `--log-folder-id` | `string`

Logs will be written to default log group in specified folder. ||
|| `--log-group-id` | `string`

Logs will be written to log group resolved by ID. ||
|| `--log-min-level` | `string`

Minimum log entry level. Possible values: TRACE, DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL ||
|| `--async` | Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the operation to complete. ||
|| `--gitsync` | `PROPERTY=VALUE[,PROPERTY=VALUE...]`

Configuration of gitsync.

Possible property names:

- `repo`: Git repository URL.

- `branch`: Git branch.

- `subpath`: Subpath in the repository.

- `ssh-key`: SSH private key.

- `ssh-key-path`: Path to SSH private key. ||
|| `--dags-bucket` | `string`

A name of the s3 bucket to store dags. ||
|#

#### Global Flags

#|
||Flag | Description ||
|| `--profile` | `string`

Set the custom configuration file. ||
|| `--debug` | Debug logging. ||
|| `--debug-grpc` | Debug gRPC logging. Very verbose, used for debugging connection problems. ||
|| `--no-user-output` | Disable printing user intended output to stderr. ||
|| `--retry` | `int`

Enable gRPC retries. By default, retries are enabled with maximum 5 attempts.
Pass 0 to disable retries. Pass any negative value for infinite retries.
Even infinite retries are capped with 2 minutes timeout. ||
|| `--cloud-id` | `string`

Set the ID of the cloud to use. ||
|| `--folder-id` | `string`

Set the ID of the folder to use. ||
|| `--folder-name` | `string`

Set the name of the folder to use (will be resolved to id). ||
|| `--endpoint` | `string`

Set the Cloud API endpoint (host:port). ||
|| `--token` | `string`

Set the OAuth token to use. ||
|| `--impersonate-service-account-id` | `string`

Set the ID of the service account to impersonate. ||
|| `--no-browser` | Disable opening browser for authentication. ||
|| `--format` | `string`

Set the output format: text (default), yaml, json, json-rest. ||
|| `--jq` | `string`

Query to select values from the response using jq syntax ||
|| `-h`, `--help` | Display help for the command. ||
|#