---
title: "How to create notification channels in {{ monitoring-full-name }}"
description: "Follow this guide to create a notification channel."
---

# Creating notification channels

To create a [notification channel](../../concepts/alerting/notification-channel.md):

1. On the left side of the window, select the **{{ ui-key.yacloud_monitoring.aside-navigation.menu-item.channels.title }}** section.
1. Click **{{ ui-key.yacloud_monitoring.channel.button_new-channel }}** on the right of the page.
1. Specify the channel parameters:
   * **{{ ui-key.yacloud_monitoring.channel.field_name }}**. Enter a name for the channel.
   * **{{ ui-key.yacloud_monitoring.channel.field_method }}**. Specify the notification method.
   * **{{ ui-key.yacloud_monitoring.channel.field_recipients }}**. List notification recipients.

      {% note info %}

      {% include [notifications-requirements](../../../_includes/monitoring/notifications-requirements.md) %}

      {% endnote %}

      To specify a Telegram account or group:

      1. Add the [@YandexCloudNotify_bot](https://t.me/YandexCloudNotify_bot) Telegram bot:

         * To contacts to send notifications in private messages
         * To a group to send notifications to that group

      1. Run the `/start` command and copy the authorization code generated by the bot in response.
      1. In the management console [settings]({{ link-console-main }}/settings), click **{{ ui-key.yacloud_components.settings.button_add-empty-telegram }}** in the **{{ ui-key.yacloud_components.settings.label_telegram }}** field.
      1. Paste the authentication code and click **{{ ui-key.yacloud_components.settings.button_submit }}**.

1. Click **{{ ui-key.yacloud_monitoring.actions.common.create }}**. The channel will appear in the list.
