### The Object lock feature is enabled in Object Storage {#used-object-lock}

#|
|| **kind** | **severity** | **ID** ||
|| manual | medium | s3.used-object-lock ||
|#

#### Description

When processing critical data in buckets, it is necessary to ensure protection against deletion and maintain version backups. This can be achieved using mechanisms for versioning, lifecycle management, and object version locking.

Bucket versioning is the ability to store a history of object versions. Each version represents a full copy of the object and occupies the corresponding amount of space in Object Storage. Using version management, you can protect your data both from unintentional user actions and from application failures.

If an object is deleted or modified with versioning enabled, a new version of the object with a new ID is actually created. When an object is deleted, it becomes unavailable for reading, but its version is retained and can be restored.

The retention period for critical data in the bucket is determined by the client's information security (IS) requirements and information security standards. For example, the PCI DSS standard stipulates that audit logs must be retained for at least one year, with at least three months of data available online.

#### Guides and solutions to use

For more information about setting up versioning, see [Bucket versioning](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/storage/concepts/versioning) in the Object Storage guide.

For more information about lifecycles, see [Bucket object lifecycles](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/storage/concepts/lifecycles) and [Bucket object lifecycle configuration](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/storage/s3/api-ref/lifecycles/xml-config) in the Object Storage guide.

In addition, to protect object versions against deletion, use [object locks](https://yandex.cloud/en/docs/storage/concepts/object-lock). For more information about object lock types and how to enable them, refer to the guide.

The retention period for critical data in the bucket is determined by the client's information security (IS) requirements and information security standards. For example, the PCI DSS standard stipulates that audit logs must be retained for at least one year, with at least three months of data available online.