[Документация Yandex Cloud](../../../index.md) > [Yandex MetaData Hub](../../index.md) > Apache Hive™ Metastore > Справочник API > [REST (англ.)](../index.md) > [Cluster](index.md) > Update

# Managed Service for Hive Metastore™ API, REST: Cluster.Update

Updates the configuration of the specified Metastore Cluster.

## HTTP request

```
PATCH https://metastore.api.cloud.yandex.net/managed-metastore/v1/clusters/{clusterId}
```

## Path parameters

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| clusterId | **string**

Required field. ID of the Metastore Cluster to update.

The maximum string length in characters is 50. ||
|#

## Body parameters {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.UpdateClusterRequest}

```json
{
  "updateMask": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "labels": "object",
  "deletionProtection": "boolean",
  "serviceAccountId": "string",
  "logging": {
    // Includes only one of the fields `folderId`, `logGroupId`
    "folderId": "string",
    "logGroupId": "string",
    // end of the list of possible fields
    "enabled": "boolean",
    "minLevel": "string"
  },
  "networkSpec": {
    "securityGroupIds": [
      "string"
    ]
  },
  "configSpec": {
    "resources": {
      "resourcePresetId": "string"
    },
    "warehouse": {
      // Includes only one of the fields `s3`
      "s3": {
        "bucket": "string",
        "path": "string"
      }
      // end of the list of possible fields
    }
  },
  "maintenanceWindow": {
    // Includes only one of the fields `anytime`, `weeklyMaintenanceWindow`
    "anytime": "object",
    "weeklyMaintenanceWindow": {
      "day": "string",
      "hour": "string"
    }
    // end of the list of possible fields
  },
  "version": "string"
}
```

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| updateMask | **string** (field-mask)

A comma-separated names off ALL fields to be updated.
Only the specified fields will be changed. The others will be left untouched.
If the field is specified in `` updateMask `` and no value for that field was sent in the request,
the field's value will be reset to the default. The default value for most fields is null or 0.

If `` updateMask `` is not sent in the request, all fields' values will be updated.
Fields specified in the request will be updated to provided values.
The rest of the fields will be reset to the default. ||
|| name | **string**

New name of the Metastore Cluster.

Value must match the regular expression ` [a-zA-Z0-9_-]* `. ||
|| description | **string**

New description of the Metastore Cluster.

The maximum string length in characters is 256. ||
|| labels | **object** (map<**string**, **string**>)

Custom labels for the Metastore Cluster as `` key:value `` pairs.
For example: {"env": "prod"}.

The maximum string length in characters for each value is 63. The string length in characters for each key must be 1-63. Each key must match the regular expression ` [a-z][-_0-9a-z]* `. Each value must match the regular expression ` [-_0-9a-z]* `. No more than 64 per resource. ||
|| deletionProtection | **boolean**

Deletion Protection prevents deletion of the cluster. ||
|| serviceAccountId | **string**

Service account used to access Cloud resources.

The maximum string length in characters is 50. ||
|| logging | **[LoggingConfig](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.LoggingConfig)**

Cloud logging configuration. ||
|| networkSpec | **[UpdateNetworkConfigSpec](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.UpdateNetworkConfigSpec)**

Network-related configuration options. ||
|| configSpec | **[UpdateClusterConfigSpec](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.UpdateClusterConfigSpec)**

Metastore Cluster configuration. ||
|| maintenanceWindow | **[MaintenanceWindow](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.MaintenanceWindow)**

Maintenance window. ||
|| version | **string**

Metastore server version. ||
|#

## LoggingConfig {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.LoggingConfig}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| folderId | **string**

Logs will be written to the default log group of the specified folder.

Value must match the regular expression ` ([a-zA-Z][-a-zA-Z0-9_.]{0,63})? `.

Includes only one of the fields `folderId`, `logGroupId`.

Destination of log records. ||
|| logGroupId | **string**

Logs will be written to the log group specified by its ID.

Value must match the regular expression ` ([a-zA-Z][-a-zA-Z0-9_.]{0,63})? `.

Includes only one of the fields `folderId`, `logGroupId`.

Destination of log records. ||
|| enabled | **boolean**

Logs generated by the Metastore server are delivered to Cloud Logging. ||
|| minLevel | **enum** (Level)

Minimum severity level for log entries.
See [LogLevel.Level](../../../logging/api-ref/Export/get.md#yandex.cloud.logging.v1.LogLevel.Level) for details.

- `TRACE`: Trace log level.
Possible use case: verbose logging of some business logic.
- `DEBUG`: Debug log level.
Possible use case: debugging special cases in application logic.
- `INFO`: Info log level.
Mostly used for information messages.
- `WARN`: Warn log level.
May be used to alert about significant events.
- `ERROR`: Error log level.
May be used to alert about errors in infrastructure, logic, etc.
- `FATAL`: Fatal log level.
May be used to alert about unrecoverable failures and events. ||
|#

## UpdateNetworkConfigSpec {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.UpdateNetworkConfigSpec}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| securityGroupIds[] | **string**

User security groups. ||
|#

## UpdateClusterConfigSpec {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.UpdateClusterConfigSpec}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| resources | **[Resources](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.Resources)**

Configuration for computational resources for Metastore server instances. ||
|| warehouse | **[WarehouseConfig](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.WarehouseConfig)**

Configuration of warehouse. ||
|#

## Resources {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.Resources}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| resourcePresetId | **string**

Required field. ID of the preset for computational resources allocated to an instance (e.g., CPU, memory, etc.).

The maximum string length in characters is 50. ||
|#

## WarehouseConfig {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.WarehouseConfig}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| s3 | **[S3Warehouse](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.WarehouseConfig.S3Warehouse)**

Yandex Cloud Object Storage.

Includes only one of the fields `s3`. ||
|#

## S3Warehouse {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.WarehouseConfig.S3Warehouse}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| bucket | **string**

Required field. Bucket name to use. ||
|| path | **string**

Path within the bucket to use.

Value must match the regular expression ` ([a-zA-Z0-9/][-a-zA-Z0-9_./]{0,512})? `. ||
|#

## MaintenanceWindow {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.MaintenanceWindow}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| anytime | **object**

The cluster may be restarted for maintenance at any time.

Includes only one of the fields `anytime`, `weeklyMaintenanceWindow`. ||
|| weeklyMaintenanceWindow | **[WeeklyMaintenanceWindow](#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.WeeklyMaintenanceWindow)**

Maintenance is allowed only within the specified weekly window.

Includes only one of the fields `anytime`, `weeklyMaintenanceWindow`. ||
|#

## WeeklyMaintenanceWindow {#yandex.cloud.metastore.v1.WeeklyMaintenanceWindow}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| day | **enum** (WeekDay)

Day of the week when maintenance can occur.

- `MON`: Monday.
- `TUE`: Tuesday.
- `WED`: Wednesday.
- `THU`: Thursday.
- `FRI`: Friday.
- `SAT`: Saturday.
- `SUN`: Sunday. ||
|| hour | **string** (int64)

Hour of the day in UTC when the maintenance window starts.

Acceptable values are 1 to 24, inclusive. ||
|#

## Response {#yandex.cloud.operation.Operation}

**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "createdAt": "string",
  "createdBy": "string",
  "modifiedAt": "string",
  "done": "boolean",
  "metadata": "object",
  // Includes only one of the fields `error`, `response`
  "error": {
    "code": "integer",
    "message": "string",
    "details": [
      "object"
    ]
  },
  "response": "object"
  // end of the list of possible fields
}
```

An Operation resource. For more information, see [Operation](../../../api-design-guide/concepts/operation.md).

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| id | **string**

ID of the operation. ||
|| description | **string**

Description of the operation. 0-256 characters long. ||
|| createdAt | **string** (date-time)

Creation timestamp.

String in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) text format. The range of possible values is from
`0001-01-01T00:00:00Z` to `9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z`, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.

To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the
[Protocol Buffers reference](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview).
In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits). ||
|| createdBy | **string**

ID of the user or service account who initiated the operation. ||
|| modifiedAt | **string** (date-time)

The time when the Operation resource was last modified.

String in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) text format. The range of possible values is from
`0001-01-01T00:00:00Z` to `9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z`, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.

To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the
[Protocol Buffers reference](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview).
In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits). ||
|| done | **boolean**

If the value is `false`, it means the operation is still in progress.
If `true`, the operation is completed, and either `error` or `response` is available. ||
|| metadata | **object**

Service-specific metadata associated with the operation.
It typically contains the ID of the target resource that the operation is performed on.
Any method that returns a long-running operation should document the metadata type, if any. ||
|| error | **[Status](#google.rpc.Status)**

The error result of the operation in case of failure or cancellation.

Includes only one of the fields `error`, `response`.

The operation result.
If `done == false` and there was no failure detected, neither `error` nor `response` is set.
If `done == false` and there was a failure detected, `error` is set.
If `done == true`, exactly one of `error` or `response` is set. ||
|| response | **object**

The normal response of the operation in case of success.
If the original method returns no data on success, such as Delete,
the response is [google.protobuf.Empty](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#google.protobuf.Empty).
If the original method is the standard Create/Update,
the response should be the target resource of the operation.
Any method that returns a long-running operation should document the response type, if any.

Includes only one of the fields `error`, `response`.

The operation result.
If `done == false` and there was no failure detected, neither `error` nor `response` is set.
If `done == false` and there was a failure detected, `error` is set.
If `done == true`, exactly one of `error` or `response` is set. ||
|#

## Status {#google.rpc.Status}

The error result of the operation in case of failure or cancellation.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| code | **integer** (int32)

Error code. An enum value of [google.rpc.Code](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis/blob/master/google/rpc/code.proto). ||
|| message | **string**

An error message. ||
|| details[] | **object**

A list of messages that carry the error details. ||
|#