---
title: '{{ mch-full-name }} pricing policy before January 1, 2019'
description: This article covers the {{ mch-name }} pricing policy that expired on January 1, 2019.
editable: false
---

# {{ mch-short-name }} pricing policy before January 1, 2019

This is an old version of the policy, valid before January 1, 2020. To learn more about the current {{ mch-name }} pricing policy, see [Pricing policy](../pricing.md).

## What goes into the cost of using {{ mch-short-name }} {#rules}

The {{ mch-name }} usage cost includes:

   - Disk type and storage size.
   - [Host class](../concepts/instance-types.md) selected for the cluster.
   - Number of database hosts in clusters (including ZooKeeper hosts for {{ CH }} clusters).
   - Settings and number of backups.
   - Amount of outgoing traffic.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}


### DB host usage {#rules-hosts-uptime}

Host operation cost is charged per hour based on host class. You can find detailed class specifications in the [Host classes](../concepts/instance-types.md) section.

{% note warning %}

For every {{ CH }} cluster with 2 or more hosts, {{ CH }} automatically creates 3 ZooKeeper hosts.

{% endnote %}

The minimum billing unit is one hour (for example, the cost of 1.5 hours of operation is the same as the cost of 2 hours of operation). The time when the DBMS host or ZooKeeper cannot perform its main functions is not charged.


### Disk space usage {#rules-storage}

You pay for the following:

- Storage allocated for DB clusters.
  - You can only order fast local disk storage (`local-ssd`) for clusters with more than three hosts (for {{ CH }}, more than two) in 100 GB increments.
- Size of DB backups in excess of the storage set for the cluster.
  - Backups are stored free of charge as long as the total size of the DB and all its backups is smaller than the selected storage size.
  - When performing automatic backups, {{ mch-short-name }} does not create a new copy but saves the data changed from the previous backup. It means the storage space used by automatic backups only increases in proportion to the volume of changes.
  - The number of hosts in a cluster does not affect the storage size and, consequently, the free volume of backups.

The price covers one month of use. The minimum billing unit is 1 GB per hour (for example, the cost of storing 1 GB for 1.5 hours is equal to the cost of storage for 2 hours).


### {{ CH }} and ZooKeeper {#prices-clickhouse}

You can choose the host class for {{ CH }} and ZooKeeper hosts (as appropriate for the expected replication load).

For example, let's say you created a {{ CH }} cluster with three `s1.micro` hosts but did not specify the class for the ZooKeeper hosts. {{ mch-short-name }} will automatically create three `s1.nano` ZooKeeper hosts.

The price per hour will be calculated using the rates below (including VAT): `3 × ₽5.5119 + 3 × ₽1.7492 = ₽21.78`.


## Prices before January 1, 2019 {#prices}


### Hosts {prices-hosts}

| Host class | Cost per hour, without VAT | Cost per hour, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| **{{ CH }}** | |
| s1.nano | ₽2.2966 | ₽2.7100 |
| s1.micro | ₽4.5932 | ₽5.4200 |
| s1.small | ₽9.1780 | ₽10.8300 |
| s1.medium | ₽18.3559 | ₽21.6600 |
| s1.large | ₽36.7119 | ₽43.3200 |
| s1.xlarge | ₽73.4153 | ₽86.6300 |
| **ZooKeeper** | |
| s1.nano | ₽1.4576 | ₽1.7200 |
| s1.micro | ₽2.8475 | ₽3.3600 |
| s1.small | ₽5.6271 | ₽6.6400 |
| s1.medium | ₽11.1864 | ₽13.2000 |
| s1.large | ₽22.3220 | ₽26.3400 |
| s1.xlarge | ₽44.5678 | ₽52.5900 |


### Storage and backups {#prices-storage}

| Service | Cost of 1 GB per month, without VAT | Cost of 1 GB per month, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| Standard network storage | ₽1.9068 | ₽2.2500 |
| Fast network storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.000 |
| Fast local storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.000 |
| Backups beyond the storage size | ₽2.1186 | ₽2.5000 |


### Outgoing traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01012019.md) %}

{% include [clickhouse-disclaimer](../../_includes/clickhouse-disclaimer.md) %}
