---
editable: false
---

# Pricing policy for {{ mch-short-name }} from January 1 to March 1, 2019

This was the old version of the pricing policy that was effective between January 1 and March 1, 2019. For the current {{ mch-name }} pricing policy, see [{#T}](../pricing.md).

## What is included in the {{ mch-short-name }} cost {#rules}

The {{ mch-name }} usage cost is based on:

* Disk type and storage size.

* The [host class](../concepts/instance-types.md) selected for the cluster.

* The number of database hosts in clusters (including ZooKeeper hosts for {{ CH }} clusters).

* Settings and number of backups.

* Amount of outgoing traffic.


{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

### DB host usage {#rules-hosts-uptime}

The cost is calculated for each hour of the host's operation in accordance with its class. You can find detailed class specifications in the [Host classes](../concepts/instance-types.md) section.

{% note warning %}

For every {{ CH }} cluster with 2 or more hosts, {{ CH }} automatically creates 3 ZooKeeper hosts.

{% endnote %}


The minimum billing unit is one hour (for example, the cost of 1.5 hours of operation is the same as the cost of 2 hours of operation). The time when the DBMS host or ZooKeeper cannot perform its main functions is not charged.

### Disk space usage {#rules-storage}

You are charged for the following:

* Storage allocated for DB clusters.

   * Storage on fast local disks (`local-ssd`) can only be ordered for clusters with more than 2 hosts in 100 GB increments.

* Space used by DB backups in excess of the storage amount specified for the cluster.

   * Backups are stored free of charge until the sum of the DB size and that of all backups remains less than the selected storage size.

   * During an automatic backup, {{ mch-short-name }} does not create a new copy but saves changes to the database compared to the previous copy. This means that storage used by automatic backups increases only in proportion to the volume of changes that are made.

   * The number of hosts in the cluster does not affect the size of the storage and, consequently, of free backups.



The cost is specified for one month of use. The minimum billing unit is 1 GB per hour (for example, the cost of storing 1 GB for 1.5 hours is equal to the cost of storage for 2 hours).

### {{ CH }} and ZooKeeper {#prices-clickhouse}

You can choose the host class for {{ CH }} and ZooKeeper hosts (as appropriate for the expected replication load).

For example, let's say you created a {{ CH }} cluster with 3 `s1.micro` class hosts, but didn't specify the class of the ZooKeeper hosts. {{ mch-short-name }} automatically creates 3 `s1.nano` class ZooKeeper hosts.

The price per hour will be calculated using the rates below (including VAT): `3 × ₽5.5119 + 3 × ₽1.7492 = ₽21.78`.

## Pricing {#prices}

### Hosts {prices-hosts}

| Host class | Cost per hour, without VAT | Cost per hour, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| **{{ CH }}** |  |
| s1.nano | ₽2.2966 | ₽2.7559 |
| s1.micro | ₽4.5932 | ₽5.5119 |
| s1.small | ₽9.1780 | ₽11.0136 |
| s1.medium | ₽18.3559 | ₽22.0271 |
| s1.large | ₽36.7119 | ₽44.0542 |
| s1.xlarge | ₽73.4153 | ₽88.0983 |
| **ZooKeeper** |  |  |
| s1.nano | ₽1.4576 | ₽1.7492 |
| s1.micro | ₽2.8475 | ₽3.4169 |
| s1.small | ₽5.6271 | ₽6.7525 |
| s1.medium | ₽11.1864 | ₽13.4237 |
| s1.large | ₽22.3220 | ₽26.7864 |
| s1.xlarge | ₽44.5678 | ₽53.4814 |

### Storage and backups {#prices-storage}

| Service | Cost of 1 GB per month, without VAT | Cost of 1 GB per month, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| Standard network storage | ₽1.9068 | ₽2.2881 |
| Fast network storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.1356 |
| Fast local storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.1356 |
| Backups beyond the storage size | ₽2.1186 | ₽2.5424 |

### Egress traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01032019.md) %}

{% include [clickhouse-disclaimer](../../_includes/clickhouse-disclaimer.md) %}
