---
title: '{{ backup-full-name }} pricing policy before April 1, 2024'
description: This article covers the {{ backup-name }} pricing policy that expired on April 1, 2024.
editable: false
noIndex: true
---

# {{ backup-full-name }} pricing policy before April 1, 2024

This is the old version of the pricing policy that expired on April 1, 2024. For the current {{ backup-name }} pricing policy, see [{#T}](../pricing.md).

## What goes into the cost of using {{ backup-name }} {#rules}

The cost of {{ backup-name }} depends on the number of VMs to back up and the total storage space used for backups.

### VM protection {#vms}

You start paying for a VM in {{ backup-name }} as soon as you link it to a [backup policy](../concepts/policy.md). Regardless of the VM status, you will be charged for the VM until you unlink it from the policy.

If you delete a VM in [{{ compute-full-name }}](../../compute/) using the [management console]({{ link-console-main }}), this will also unlink such a VM from all policies. If you delete a VM using the CLI, {{ TF }}, or API, it will not be unlinked from policies automatically. You need to unlink it yourself.

The minimum billing unit is one VM per month.

### Using the storage {#backups}

You are charged for the total size of storage used by backups.

The minimum billing unit is 1 hour of storing 1 MB of data.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

If a VM is stopped or deleted, its backups are still stored in {{ backup-name }} and you continue to pay for their volume stored. The backup size depends on the following:
* VM disk usage
* Amount of data updated during regular backups
* Data compression option

{% note info %}

To pay less, delete the backups of the deleted VMs that you no longer need.

{% endnote %}

The size of VM backups can fall short of the VM disk size, e.g., if the VM disk usage is low and the level of data compression is high, or exceed it, e.g., when there are many backups and their data is continuously modified and poorly compressed.

## Prices {#prices}

### Protected {{ backup-name }} VMs {#prices-vms}




| Resource category | Cost for VM (per month), without VAT |
| --- | --- |
| Attached to the {{ backup-name }} VM | $1.910400 |


### Backup storage {#prices-backups}




| Service | Cost for GB per month, without VAT |
| --- | --- |
| Backup storage | $0.033600 |


The monthly prices are based on 720 hours per month.

## Cost calculation example {#price-example}

Here is an example of calculating the cost of {{ backup-name }} for the following configuration:
* One VM is linked to backup policies.
* Total size of backups is 50 GB.




> 1 VM × $1.910400 + 50 GB × $0.033600 = $3.590400

> Total: $3.590400, cost of using {{ backup-name }} per VM with a total of 50 GB of backups per month, without VAT.

Where:
* 1: Number of VMs linked to backup policies.
* $1.910400: Price of connecting one VM to {{ backup-name }} per month, without VAT.
* 50 GB: Total size of backups.
* $0.033600: Price of storing 1 GB of backups per month, without VAT.

