# Objects

Objects are hosted in buckets and contain user data in the format it was uploaded in.

The object ID is the string [key](#key).

{{ objstorage-name }} stores [user-defined](#user-meta) and [system](#system-meta) metadata along with the object.

{{ objstorage-name }} lets you store objects in various storage classes depending on your requirements for the storage duration and frequency of object operations. For more information, see [{#T}](storage-class.md).

{{ objstorage-name }} supports the following operations with objects:

- Uploading an object to storage
- Downloading an object from storage.
- Copying an object inside the storage (for example, from one bucket to another).

All other operations that can be performed using [tools](../tools/index.md) are combinations of the ones given above.

You can configure [lifecycles](lifecycles.md) for bucket objects.

{{ objstorage-name }} restricts the size of objects and their metadata. For more information, see [{#T}](limits.md)).

## Key {#key}

The key is the ID of an object in a bucket.

Objects are stored in a flat structure, but GUI-based [tools](../tools/index.md) let you use {{ objstorage-name }} as a hierarchical file system. Hierarchical view is possible because keys can be written as paths in a file system (for example, `top_level_prefix/subprefix/text_data.txt`). In the {{ yandex-cloud }} management console, prefixes are called folders.

A key must:

- Be UTF-8 encoded.
- Be less than 1024 bytes in size.
- Not contain the characters `: * ? " < > | !`.

The following characters are safe to use in a key: `[a-zA-Z0-9]`, `-`, `_`, `/`, `\`. Other characters may cause various problems in {{ objstorage-name }}.

### Directory {#folder}

There are no directories in {{ objstorage-name }}, but GUI-based file management clients like [CyberDuck](../tools/cyberduck.md) and the {{ objstorage-name }} interface in the {{ yandex-cloud }} management console emulate them. A zero-size object serves as a directory. Its key is included as a prefix in the keys of other objects. For example, an object with the `x` key and zero size is a directory in the management console, while an object with the `x/y.txt` key is the `y.txt` object located in the `x` folder.

Each [tool](../tools/index.md) manages objects and directories according to their own logic, which is described in their respective documentation.

{% note info %}

Deleting folders with objects is an asynchronous operation. At the start of the operation, {{ objstorage-name }} prepares a list of objects to delete and then deletes them. If during the deletion process, you upload an object to {{ objstorage-name }} that should be in the directory being deleted, the object will still be uploaded successfully. After both operations in {{objstorage-name}} are complete, you're left with the directory that was supposed to be deleted and the newly uploaded file.

{% endnote %}

## Object URL {#object-url}

You can specify a link to a bucket object in one of the following formats:
- For a bucket with public access:
   - `https://<bucket>.{{ s3-storage-host }}/<key>`
   - `https://{{ s3-storage-host }}/<bucket>/<key>`
- For a bucket with restricted access:
   - `https://{{ s3-storage-host }}/<bucket>/<key>?<parameters>`
   - `https://<bucket>.{{ s3-storage-host }}/<key>?<parameters>`

Where:

* `bucket`: Bucket name.
* `key`: [Key](#key) (file path).
* `parameters`: Additional parameters for accessing a bucket with restricted access. For example, a signature and validity period.

For buckets with restricted access, pre-signed links are generated by the service and let you temporarily download an object even from a bucket with restricted access. [Read more about pre-signed URLs, their generation, and their use](pre-signed-urls.md).

{% include [storage-dotnet-host](../_includes_service/storage-dotnet-host.md) %}

## Metadata {#metadata}

Metadata is stored with an object as `name-value` pairs.

Metadata can be system or user-defined.

### System metadata {#system-meta}

System metadata is defined by {{ objstorage-name }}.

| Name | Description |
----- | -----
| `Date` | Date and time a request is sent to upload an object to {{ objstorage-name }}. |
| `Content-Length` | Object size in bytes. |
| `Last-Modified` | Date when the object was created or last modified. |
| `Content-MD5` | Object MD5 hash value, base64 encoded. |
| `Cache-Control` | The value of the `Cache-Control` HTTP header passed by the client when saving the object to the bucket. {{ objstorage-name }} later returns this header to clients when responding to a request for an object or its metadata.<br/><br/>For example, the `Cache-Control: max-age=200` header indicates that the object expires 200 seconds after the client receives it. Read more about the header in [RFC 7234](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7234#section-5.2). |
| `Expires` | The value of the `Expires` HTTP header passed by the client when saving the object to the bucket. {{ objstorage-name }} later returns this header to clients when responding to a request for an object or its metadata.<br/><br/>For example, the `Expires: Thu, 15 Apr 2020 20:00:00 GMT` header indicates that the object expires at 20:00:00 (GMT) on April 15, 2020. Read more about the header in [RFC 7234](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7234#section-5.3). |


### User-defined metadata {#user-meta}

When uploading an object to {{ objstorage-name }}, you can pass a set of metadata as a `name-value` pair along with the object.

In the Amazon S3-compatible HTTP API, metadata is passed as HTTP headers. The header name must start with`X-Amz-Meta-`. When an object is requested via the HTTP API, Yandex Object Storage returns metadata in the form of HTTP headers with the same prefix.

Metadata names must consist of [ASCII characters](https://{{ lang }}.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII) only. Passed headers are transformed as follows: `X-Amz-Meta-foo-bar_baz` → `X-Amz-Meta-Foo-Bar_baz`. Here, `Foo-Bar_baz` is the name of the metadata to be stored with the object.

{% note info %}

The PUT request header must not exceed 8 KB. The maximum size of user-defined metadata in this header is 2 KB.

{% endnote %}

