# Recognition models

A recognition model is a model that is trained to recognize speech in a specific language. The models are trained on datasets generated by Yandex services and applications. This allows us to continually improve the quality of speech recognition.

## Supported recognition models {#supported-models}

{% list tabs %}

- Russian
    * `general`: The main supported model for Russian language that recognizes speech on any topic in Russian, including short and long utterances, names, addresses, dates, and numbers.

    ### Tags and version availability {#new-versions}

    We continuously improve the quality of the model and release new versions:
    * The current main version of the model is available by the `general` tag.
    * The experimental version is available by the `general:rc` tag.
    * The previous version is available by the `general:deprecated` tag.

    We recommend testing model versions using the `general:rc` tag and share your feedback with our support team.

    {% note info %}

    Versions available by the `general:deprecated` tag stop being supported when new models are released: we guarantee two weeks of support for the previous version after updating the version by the `general` tag.

    {% endnote %}

    ### Releases {#releases}

    #### Release 18.08.20 {#1808}

    Minor update for transcription in the *Anaximander* version:
    * Improved handling of dense speech flows, having no detectable pauses in speech for more than 30 seconds.
    * Timing fixed.
    * Fixed an error with partial recognition results arriving after the final result.

    The acoustic and language properties of the model have not changed.

    The list of available versions of the `general` model:
    * `general:rc`: The _Anaximander_  version (updated).
    * `general`: The _Anaximander_ version.
    * `general:deprecated`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.

    These versions are available for streaming recognition, transcription, and short audio recognition.

    #### Release 21.07.20 {#2107}

    Following successful testing, we offer _Anaximander_ as the main operating version for streaming recognition, transcription, and short audio recognition.

    The list of available versions of the `general` model:
    * `general:rc`: The _Anaximander_ version.
    * `general`: The _Anaximander_ version.
    * `general:deprecated`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.

    #### Release 27.05.20 {#2705}

    New versions of the `general` model are now available in transcription and short audio recognition. For those types of recognition, the following versions are available with the tags:
    * `general:rc`: The _Anaximander_ version.
    * `general`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.
    * `general:deprecated`: _Marcus Aurelius_.

    Three versions of the model are available for streaming speech recognition:
    * `general:rc`: The _Anaximander_ version.
    * `general`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.
    * `general:deprecated`: The _Diogenes_ version.

    #### Release 15.05.20 {#1505}

    For streaming speech recognition, the new version of the _Anaximander_ model is now available with the `general:rc` tag.

    We invite you to join testing of the version. We'll be grateful for your feedback and comments.

    The list of available versions of the `general` model:
    * `general:rc`: The _Anaximander_ version.
    * `general`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.
    * `general:deprecated`: The _Diogenes_ version.

    The versions for short and long audio recognition remain unchanged.

    #### Release 16.04.20 {#1604}

    For streaming speech recognition by the `general` tag, a new version of the _Marcus Aurelius_ model is now available.

    The list of available versions of the `general` model:
    * `general:rc`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.
    * `general`: The _Marcus Aurelius_ version.
    * `general:deprecated`: The _Diogenes_ version.

    The versions for short and long audio recognition available with the `general` tag remain unchanged.

    ### Versions {#version}

    #### Anaximander version {#anaximandr}
    * Improved recognition quality due to advances in acoustics processing and language model updates: for example, the word "coronavirus" is now recognized better.
    * Improved model stability on "empty" records.

    #### Marcus Aurelius version {#mark-avr}
    * Improved recognition quality, especially for short audio.
    * The `endOfUtterance` flag is now set more accurately for audio of any length. For audio where there is only silence, this flag isn't returned now.
    * If you activated the `partialResults` flag and use partial recognition results, you may notice that these results are more accurate and come faster now. By default, they now come in unnormalized form.
    * From the _Marcus Aurelius_ version and above, additional recognition settings are supported:
        * If your audio has a lot of background noise, use the reduce sensitivity flag (see [Experimental additional recognition settings](streaming.md#additional-settings)).
        * If you activated the `partialResults` flag and it's important for you to get partial recognition results in normalized form, set the appropriate flag (see [Experimental additional recognition settings](streaming.md#additional-settings)).

    #### Diogenes version {#diogen}
    * Improved phone call recognition quality.
    * Reduced the number of cases where noise is recognized as words. The vocabulary of the model is still extensive: you can use this model to recognize speech on any topic, just like the previous version of the `general` model.

- English
    * `general`: Short utterances containing 3-5 words on various topics, including search engine and website queries:
      * <q>connect me to the sales department</q>
      * <q>another cup of coffee and two soft French rolls</q>
    * `maps`: Addresses and names of companies or geographical features:
      * <q>go to Abbey Road</q>

- Turkish
    * `general`: Short utterances containing 3-5 words on various topics, including search engine and website queries:
      * <q>satış departmanıyla görüşmek istiyorum</q>
      * <q>bir kahve daha ve iki küçük kurabiye</q>
    * `maps`: Addresses and names of companies or geographical features:
      * <q>Atatürk Bulvarı'na git</q>

{% endlist %}
