---
editable: false
---

# Compute Cloud API, REST: SnapshotSchedule.listSnapshots
Retrieves the list of snapshots created by the specified snapshot schedule.
 

 
## HTTP request {#https-request}
```
GET https://compute.{{ api-host }}/compute/v1/snapshotSchedules/{snapshotScheduleId}/snapshots
```
 
## Path parameters {#path_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
snapshotScheduleId | <p>ID of the snapshot schedule to list created snapshots for.</p> <p>To get a snapshot schedule ID, make a <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/list">list</a> request.</p> 
 
## Query parameters {#query_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
pageSize | <p>The maximum number of results per page to return. If the number of available results is larger than <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/listSnapshots#query_params">pageSize</a>, the service returns a <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/listOperations#responses">nextPageToken</a> that can be used to get the next page of results in subsequent list requests.</p> <p>Default value: 100.</p> 
pageToken | <p>Page token. To get the next page of results, set <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/listSnapshots#query_params">pageToken</a> to the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/listOperations#responses">nextPageToken</a> returned by a previous list request.</p> 
 
## Response {#responses}
**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

```json 
{
  "snapshots": [
    {
      "id": "string",
      "folderId": "string",
      "createdAt": "string",
      "name": "string",
      "description": "string",
      "labels": "object",
      "storageSize": "string",
      "diskSize": "string",
      "productIds": [
        "string"
      ],
      "status": "string",
      "sourceDiskId": "string"
    }
  ],
  "nextPageToken": "string"
}
```

 
Field | Description
--- | ---
snapshots[] | **object**<br><p>List of snapshots created by the specified snapshot schedule.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>id | **string**<br><p>ID of the snapshot.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the snapshot belongs to.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>String in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format. The range of possible values is from ``0001-01-01T00:00:00Z`` to ``9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z``, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.</p> <p>To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the <a href="https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview">Protocol Buffers reference</a>. In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits).</p> 
snapshots[].<br>name | **string**<br><p>Name of the snapshot. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>description | **string**<br><p>Description of the snapshot. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as ``key:value`` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>storageSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Size of the snapshot, specified in bytes.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>diskSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Size of the disk when the snapshot was created, specified in bytes.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>productIds[] | **string**<br><p>License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource. License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.</p> <p>The correct license ID is generated by the platform. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.</p> <p>If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image. For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost. You can specify them in the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/create">create</a> request.</p> 
snapshots[].<br>status | **string**<br><p>Current status of the snapshot.</p> <ul> <li>CREATING: Snapshot is being created.</li> <li>READY: Snapshot is ready to use.</li> <li>ERROR: Snapshot encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>DELETING: Snapshot is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
snapshots[].<br>sourceDiskId | **string**<br><p>ID of the source disk used to create this snapshot.</p> 
nextPageToken | **string**<br><p>Token for getting the next page of the list. If the number of results is greater than the specified <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/listSnapshots#query_params">pageSize</a>, use ``next_page_token`` as the value for the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/SnapshotSchedule/listSnapshots#query_params">pageToken</a> parameter in the next list request.</p> <p>Each subsequent page will have its own ``next_page_token`` to continue paging through the results.</p> 