---
subcategory: Container Registry
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_container_registry_iam_binding'
description: Allows management of a single IAM binding for a Yandex Container Registry.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/container_registry_iam_binding.md
---

# yandex_container_registry_iam_binding (Resource)

Allows creation and management of a single binding within IAM policy for an existing `registry`.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Container Registry and new IAM Binding for it.
//
resource "yandex_container_registry" "your-registry" {
  folder_id = "your-folder-id"
  name      = "registry-name"
}

resource "yandex_container_registry_iam_binding" "puller" {
  registry_id = yandex_container_registry.your-registry.id
  role        = "container-registry.images.puller"

  members = [
    "system:allUsers",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `members` (Set of String) An array of identities that will be granted the privilege in the `role`. Each entry can have one of the following values:
 * **userAccount:{user_id}**: A unique user ID that represents a specific Yandex account.
 * **serviceAccount:{service_account_id}**: A unique service account ID.
 * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}**: A unique federated user ID.
 * **federatedUser:{federated_user_id}:**: A unique SAML federation user account ID.
 * **group:{group_id}**: A unique group ID.
 * **system:group:federation:{federation_id}:users**: All users in federation.
 * **system:group:organization:{organization_id}:users**: All users in organization.
 * **system:allAuthenticatedUsers**: All authenticated users.
 * **system:allUsers**: All users, including unauthenticated ones.

{% note warning %}

for more information about system groups, see [Cloud Documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/access-control/system-group).

{% endnote %}

- `registry_id` (String) The ID of the compute `registry` to attach the policy to.
- `role` (String) The role that should be assigned. Only one yandex_container_registry_iam_binding can be used per role.

### Optional

- `sleep_after` (Number) For test purposes, to compensate IAM operations delay

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

IAM binding imports use space-delimited identifiers; first the resource in question and then the role. These bindings can be imported using the `registry_id` and role.

```bash
# terraform import yandex_container_registry_iam_binding.<binding Name> "<registry_id>,<resource Role>"
terraform import yandex_container_registry_iam_binding.puller "crps9**********k9psn,container-registry.images.puller"
```
