---
subcategory: Container Registry
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_container_repository'
description: Creates a new Container Repository.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/container_repository.md
---

# yandex_container_repository (Resource)

A Repository resource. For more information, see [Repository](/docs/container-registry/concepts/repository).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Container Registry and new Repository with it.
//
resource "yandex_container_registry" "my-registry" {
  name = "test-registry"
}

resource "yandex_container_repository" "my-repository" {
  name = "${yandex_container_registry.my-registry.id}/test-repository"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the repository.
 The name is unique within the registry.

### Optional

- `id` (String) ID of the Repository resource to return.

 To get the repository ID use a [RepositoryService.List] request.
- `repository_id` (String) ID of the Repository resource to return.

 To get the repository ID use a [RepositoryService.List] request.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_container_repository.<resource Name> <repository_id>
terraform import yandex_container_repository.my-repository crps9**********k9psn
```
