---
subcategory: Identity and Access Management (IAM)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iam_oauth_client'
description: Allows management of OAuthClients within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/iam_oauth_client.md
---

# yandex_iam_oauth_client (Resource)

An OauthClient resource.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OAuthClient.
//
resource "yandex_iam_oauth_client" "my-oauth-client" {
  name          = "my-oauth-client"
  folder_id 	= "aje5a**********qspd3"
  redirect_uris = ["https://localhost"]
  scopes        = ["openid", "profile", "email"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name for the oauth client.

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder oauth client belongs to.
- `id` (String) ID of the OAuthClient resource to return.
 To get the oauth client ID, use a [OAuthClientService.List] request.
- `oauth_client_id` (String) ID of the OAuthClient resource to return.
 To get the oauth client ID, use a [OAuthClientService.List] request.
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String) List of redirect uries allowed for the oauth client.
- `scopes` (Set of String) List of oauth scopes requested by the oauth client.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `status` (String) Current status of the oauth client.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_iam_oauth_client.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_iam_oauth_client.my-oauth-client ...
```
