---
subcategory: Identity and Access Management (IAM)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_iam_oauth_client_secret'
description: Allows management of a Yandex Cloud IAM OAuth client secret.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/iam_oauth_client_secret.md
---

# yandex_iam_oauth_client_secret (Resource)

Allows management of [Yandex Cloud IAM OAuth client secret](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/authorization/oauth-client-secret). The OAuth client secret is used for OAuth 2.0 client authentication.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OAuth Client Secret.
//
resource "yandex_iam_oauth_client_secret" "my-oauth-client-secret" {
  oauth_client_id = yandex_iam_oauth_client.my-oauth-client.id
  description     = "secret for oauth client"
  pgp_key         = "keybase:keybaseusername"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `oauth_client_id` (String) ID of the OAuth client to create a secret for.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `output_to_lockbox` (Block List, Max: 1) option to create a Lockbox secret version from sensitive outputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--output_to_lockbox))
- `pgp_key` (String) An optional PGP key to encrypt the resulting secret value. May either be a base64-encoded public key or a keybase username in the form `keybase:keybaseusername`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `encrypted_secret_value` (String) The encrypted secret value, base64 encoded. This is only populated when `pgp_key` is supplied.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the PGP key used to encrypt the secret value. This is only populated when `pgp_key` is supplied.
- `masked_secret` (String) The masked value of the OAuth client secret.
- `output_to_lockbox_version_id` (String) ID of the Lockbox secret version that contains the value of `secret_key`. This is only populated when `output_to_lockbox` is supplied. This version will be destroyed when the IAM key is destroyed, or when `output_to_lockbox` is removed.
- `secret_value` (String, Sensitive) The secret value. This is only populated when neither `pgp_key` nor `output_to_lockbox` are provided.

<a id="nestedblock--output_to_lockbox"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_to_lockbox`

Required:

- `entry_for_secret_value` (String) entry that will store the value of secret_value
- `secret_id` (String) ID of the Lockbox secret where to store the sensible values.

## Import

{% note warning %}

Import for this resource is not implemented yet.

{% endnote %}


