---
subcategory: Lockbox (Secret Management)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_lockbox_secret_version_hashed'
description: Manages Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version (with values hashed in state).
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/lockbox_secret_version_hashed.md
---

# yandex_lockbox_secret_version_hashed (Resource)

Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version resource (with values hashed in state). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/lockbox/).

 ~> The `<NUMBER>` can range from `1` to `10`. If you only need one entry, use `key_1`/`text_value_1`. If you need a second entry, use `key_2`/`text_value_2`, and so on.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Lockbox Secret Hashed Version.
//
resource "yandex_lockbox_secret" "my_secret" {
  name = "test secret"
}

resource "yandex_lockbox_secret_version_hashed" "my_version" {
  secret_id = yandex_lockbox_secret.my_secret.id
  key_1     = "key1"
  // in Terraform state, these values will be stored in hash format
  text_value_1 = "sensitive value 1"
  key_2        = "k2"
  text_value_2 = "sensitive value 2"
  // etc. (up to 10 entries)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `secret_id` (String) The Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret ID where to add the version.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version description.
- `key_1` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_10` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_2` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_3` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_4` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_5` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_6` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_7` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_8` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `key_9` (String) Each of the entry keys in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_1` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_10` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_2` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_3` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_4` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_5` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_6` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_7` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_8` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `text_value_9` (String, Sensitive) Each of the entry values in the Yandex Cloud Lockbox secret version.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.

## Import

~> Import for this resource is not implemented yet.