---
subcategory: Managed Service for Hive Metastore™
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/metastore_cluster.md
---

# yandex_metastore_cluster (Resource)

Managed Metastore cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Metastore Cluster.
//
resource "yandex_metastore_cluster" "my_metastore_cluster" {
  name               = "metastore-created-with-terraform"
  subnet_ids         = [yandex_vpc_subnet.a.id]
  security_group_ids = [yandex_vpc_security_group.metastore-sg.id]
  service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.for-metastore.id

  cluster_config = {
    resource_preset_id = "c2-m8"
  }

  maintenance_window = {
    type = "WEEKLY"
    day  = "MON"
    hour = 12
  }

  description = "My awesome Metastore"

  logging = {
    enabled   = true
    folder_id = var.folder_id
    min_level = "INFO"
  }
}
```

## Arguments & Attributes Reference

- `cluster_config` [Block]. Hive Metastore cluster configuration.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
- `created_at` (*Read-Only*) (String). The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Bool). The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion. By default is set to `false`.
- `description` (String). The resource description.
- `endpoint_ip` (*Read-Only*) (String). IP address of Metastore server balancer endpoint.
- `folder_id` (String). The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (*Read-Only*) (String). The resource identifier.
- `labels` (Map Of String). A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `logging` [Block]. Cloud Logging configuration.
  - `enabled` (**Required**)(Bool). Enables delivery of logs generated by Metastore to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).
  - `folder_id` (String). Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
  - `log_group_id` (String). Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
  - `min_level` (String). Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).
- `maintenance_window` [Block]. Configuration of window for maintenance operations.
  - `day` (String). Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
  - `hour` (Number). Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
  - `type` (String). Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.
- `name` (**Required**)(String). The resource name.
- `network_id` (*Read-Only*) (String). VPC network identifier which resource is attached.
- `security_group_ids` (Set Of String). The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (**Required**)(String). [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) with role `managed-metastore.integrationProvider`. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/metadata-hub/concepts/metastore-impersonation).
- `status` (*Read-Only*) (String). Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`.
- `subnet_ids` (**Required**)(Set Of String). The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `version` (String). Metastore server version.

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting it you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or Yandex Cloud [CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_metastore_cluster.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_metastore_cluster.my_metastore_cluster <cluster-id>
```
