---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_group'
description: Allows management of a single Group within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/organizationmanager_group.md
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_group (Resource)

A Group resource.
 For more information, see [Groups](/docs/organization/operations/manage-groups).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OrganizationManager Group.
//
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_group" "my_group" {
  name            = "my-group"
  description     = "My new Group"
  organization_id = "sdf4*********3fr"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the group.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of the organization that the group belongs to.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the group.
- `group_id` (String) ID of the Group resource to return.
 To get the group ID, use a [GroupService.List] request.
- `id` (String) ID of the Group resource to return.
 To get the group ID, use a [GroupService.List] request.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_group.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_group.my_group ...
```
