---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation'
description: Allows management of a single SAML Federation within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/organizationmanager_saml_federation.md
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation (Resource)

Allows management of a single SAML Federation within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OrganizationManager SAML Federation.
//
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation" "saml_fed" {
  name            = "my-federation"
  description     = "My new SAML federation"
  organization_id = "sdf4*********3fr"
  sso_url         = "https://my-sso.url"
  issuer          = "my-issuer"
  sso_binding     = "POST"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `issuer` (String) The ID of the IdP server to be used for authentication. The IdP server also responds to IAM with this ID after the user authenticates.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization to attach this SAML Federation to.
- `sso_binding` (String) Single sign-on endpoint binding type. Most Identity Providers support the `POST` binding type. SAML Binding is a mapping of a SAML protocol message onto standard messaging formats and/or communications protocols.
- `sso_url` (String) Single sign-on (SSO) endpoint URL. Specify the link to the IdP login page here.

### Optional

- `auto_create_account_on_login` (Boolean) Add new users automatically on successful authentication. The user will get the `resource-manager.clouds.member` role automatically, but you need to grant other roles to them. If the value is `false`, users who aren't added to the cloud can't log in, even if they have authenticated on your server.
- `case_insensitive_name_ids` (Boolean) Use case-insensitive name IDs.
- `cookie_max_age` (String) The lifetime of a Browser cookie in seconds. If the cookie is still valid, the management console authenticates the user immediately and redirects them to the home page. The default value is `8h`.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `security_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Federation security settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_settings))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--security_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_settings`

Optional:

- `encrypted_assertions` (Boolean) Enable encrypted assertions.
- `force_authn` (Boolean) Force authentication on session expiration


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation.saml_fed ...
```
