---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account'
description: Allows management of a single SAML Federation user account within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account.md
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account (Resource)

Allows management of a single SAML Federation user account within an existing Yandex Cloud Organization.. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/organization/operations/federations/integration-common).

~> If terraform user has sufficient access and user specified in data source does not exist, it will be created. This behaviour will be **deprecated** in future releases. Use resource `yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account` to manage account lifecycle.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new OrganizationManager SAML Federation User Account.
//
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account" "account" {
  federation_id = "some_federation_id"
  name_id       = "example@example.org"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `federation_id` (String) ID of a SAML Federation.
- `name_id` (String) Name ID of the SAML federated user.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_saml_federation_user_account.account ...
```
