---
subcategory: Serverless Integrations
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_serverless_eventrouter_bus'
description: Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Serverless Event Router Bus.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/serverless_eventrouter_bus.md
---

# yandex_serverless_eventrouter_bus (Resource)

Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Serverless Event Router Bus.



## Example Usage

```terraform
//
// TBD
//
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bus_id` (String) ID of the bus to get.
- `cloud_id` (String) ID of the cloud that the bus resides in.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Deletion protection.
- `description` (String) Description of the bus.
- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder that the bus belongs to.
- `id` (String) ID of the bus to get.
- `labels` (Map of String) Resource labels as `key:value` pairs.
- `name` (String) Name of the bus.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `status` (String) Status of the bus.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_serverless_eventrouter_bus.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_serverless_eventrouter_bus.evr_bus ...
```
