---
subcategory: Managed Service for YDB
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_ydb_database_dedicated'
description: Manages Yandex Database dedicated cluster.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/resources/ydb_database_dedicated.md
---

# yandex_ydb_database_dedicated (Resource)

Yandex Database (dedicated) resource. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/ydb/concepts/serverless_and_dedicated).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new YDB Dedicated Database.
//
resource "yandex_ydb_database_dedicated" "database1" {
  name      = "test-ydb-dedicated"
  folder_id = data.yandex_resourcemanager_folder.test_folder.id

  network_id = yandex_vpc_network.my-inst-group-network.id
  subnet_ids = ["${yandex_vpc_subnet.my-inst-group-subnet.id}"]

  resource_preset_id  = "medium"
  deletion_protection = true

  scale_policy {
    fixed_scale {
      size = 1
    }
  }

  storage_config {
    group_count     = 1
    storage_type_id = "ssd"
  }

  location {
    region {
      id = "ru-central1"
    }
  }
}
```

```terraform
//
// Create a new YDB Dedicated Database with auto-scale policy.
//
resource "yandex_ydb_database_dedicated" "database1" {
  name      = "test-ydb-dedicated"
  folder_id = data.yandex_resourcemanager_folder.test_folder.id

  network_id = yandex_vpc_network.my-inst-group-network.id
  subnet_ids = ["${yandex_vpc_subnet.my-inst-group-subnet.id}"]

  resource_preset_id  = "medium"
  deletion_protection = true

  scale_policy {
    auto_scale {
      min_size = 2
      max_size = 8
      target_tracking {
        cpu_utilization_percent = 70
      }
    }
  }

  labels = {
    # enable preview feature
    enable_autoscaling = "1"
  }

  storage_config {
    group_count     = 1
    storage_type_id = "ssd"
  }

  location {
    region {
      id = "ru-central1"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) The Yandex Database cluster preset. Available presets can be obtained via `yc ydb resource-preset list` command.
- `scale_policy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Scaling policy for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scale_policy))
- `storage_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) A list of storage configuration options for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_config))
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.

### Optional

- `assign_public_ips` (Boolean) Whether public IP addresses should be assigned to the Yandex Database cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `location` (Block List, Max: 1) Location for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location))
- `location_id` (String) Location ID for the Yandex Database cluster.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `sleep_after` (Number)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database_path` (String) Full database path of the Yandex Database cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the Yandex Database cluster.
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Whether TLS is enabled for the Yandex Database cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_api_endpoint` (String) API endpoint of the Yandex Database cluster. Useful for SDK configuration.
- `ydb_full_endpoint` (String) Full endpoint of the Yandex Database cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--scale_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy`

Optional:

- `auto_scale` (Block List, Max: 1) Auto scaling policy for the Yandex Database cluster. This is a preview feature, and you need to enable it using the label `enable_autoscaling=1`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scale_policy--auto_scale))
- `fixed_scale` (Block List, Max: 1) Fixed scaling policy for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scale_policy--fixed_scale))

<a id="nestedblock--scale_policy--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale`

Required:

- `max_size` (Number) Maximum number of nodes to which autoscaling can scale the database.
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum number of nodes to which autoscaling can scale the database.
- `target_tracking` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) A target tracking scaling policy automatically scales the capacity of your Yandex Database cluster based on a target metric value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scale_policy--auto_scale--target_tracking))

<a id="nestedblock--scale_policy--auto_scale--target_tracking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale.target_tracking`

Required:

- `cpu_utilization_percent` (Number) A percentage of database nodes average CPU utilization.



<a id="nestedblock--scale_policy--fixed_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.fixed_scale`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Number of instances for the Yandex Database cluster.



<a id="nestedblock--storage_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_config`

Required:

- `group_count` (Number) Amount of storage groups of selected type for the Yandex Database cluster.
- `storage_type_id` (String) Storage type ID for the Yandex Database cluster. Available presets can be obtained via `yc ydb storage-type list` command.


<a id="nestedblock--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `region` (Block List, Max: 1) Region for the Yandex Database cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location--region))

<a id="nestedblock--location--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.region`

Required:

- `id` (String) Region ID for the Yandex Database cluster.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_ydb_database_dedicated.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_ydb_database_dedicated.my_ydb ...
```
