---
title: '{{ mmg-full-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019'
description: The article describes the {{ mmg-full-name }} pricing policy valid from January 1 to March 1, 2019.
editable: false
---

# {{ MG }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019

## What goes into the cost of using {{ mmg-short-name }} {#rules}

The {{ mmg-name }} usage cost is based on:

* Disk type and storage size.

* [Host class](../concepts/instance-types.md) selected for the cluster.

* Number of DB hosts per cluster.

* Settings and number of backups.

* Amount of outgoing traffic.


{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

### DB host usage {#rules-hosts-uptime}

Host operation cost is charged per hour based on host class. You can find detailed class specifications in the [Host classes](../concepts/instance-types.md) section.

The minimum billing unit is one hour (for example, the cost of 1.5 hours of operation is the same as the cost of 2 hours of operation). You do not pay for the time when the {{ MG }} host is unable to perform its main functions.

### Disk space usage {#rules-storage}

You pay for the following:

* Storage allocated for DB clusters.

    * You can only order local high-speed storage (`local-ssd`) for clusters with more than three hosts in 100 GB increments.

* Size of DB backups in excess of the storage set for the cluster.

    * Backups are stored free of charge as long as the total size of the DB and all its backups is smaller than the selected storage size.

    * When performing automatic backups, {{ mmg-short-name }} does not create a new copy but saves the data changed from the previous backup. It means the storage space used by automatic backups only increases in proportion to the volume of changes.

    * The number of hosts in a cluster does not affect the storage size and, consequently, the free volume of backups.



The price covers one month of use. The minimum billing unit is 1 GB per hour (for example, the cost of storing 1 GB for 1.5 hours is equal to the cost of storage for 2 hours).

## Pricing from January 1, 2019 {#prices}

### Hosts {#prices-hosts}

Host class | Price per hour, without VAT | Price per hour, including VAT
----- | ----- | -----
s1.nano | ₽2.5000 | ₽3.0000 |
s1.micro | ₽5.0085 | ₽6.0102 |
s1.small | ₽10.0085 | ₽12.0102 |
s1.medium | ₽20.0254 | ₽24.0305 |
s1.large | ₽40.0424 | ₽48.0508 |
s1.xlarge | ₽80.0932 | ₽96.1119

### Storage and backups {#prices-storage}

Service | Price per GB per month, without VAT | Price per GB per month, including VAT
----- | ----- | -----
Standard network storage | ₽1.9068 | ₽2.2881 |
Fast network storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.1356 |
Fast local storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.1356 |
Backups beyond the storage size | ₽2.1186 | ₽2.5424

### Egress traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01032019.md) %}

