---
editable: false
---

# {{ MG }} pricing policy before January 1, 2019


## What goes into the cost of using {{ mmg-short-name }} {#rules}

The {{ mmg-name }} usage cost is based on:

- Disk type and size (disk space).
- [Host class](../concepts/instance-types.md) selected for the cluster.
- Number of DB hosts per cluster.
- Settings and number of backups.
- Amount of outgoing traffic.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}


### DB host usage {#rules-hosts-uptime}

The cost is calculated for each hour of the host's operation in accordance with its class. You can find detailed class specifications in the [Host classes](../concepts/instance-types.md) section.

The minimum billing unit is one hour (for example, the cost of 1.5 hours of operation is the same as the cost of 2 hours of operation). You are not paying for the time when the {{ MG }} host is unable to perform its main functions.


### Disk space usage {#rules-storage}

You pay for the following:

- Storage allocated for DB clusters.
   - Storage on fast local disks (`local-ssd`) can only be ordered for clusters with more than 3 hosts in 100 GB increments.
- Space used by DB backups in excess of the storage amount specified for the cluster.
   - Backups are stored free of charge as long as the total size of the DB and all its backups is smaller than the selected storage size.
   - When performing automatic backups, {{ mmg-short-name }} does not create a new copy but saves the data changed from the previous backup. It means the storage space used by automatic backups only increases in proportion to the volume of changes.
   - The number of hosts in a cluster does not affect the storage size and, therefore, the free volume of backups.

The cost is specified for one month of use. The minimum billing unit is 1 GB per hour (for example, the cost of storing 1 GB for 1.5 hours is equal to the cost of storage for 2 hours).


## Prices before January 1, 2019 {#prices}


### Hosts {#prices-hosts}

| Host class | Cost per hour, without VAT | Cost per hour, including VAT |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| s1.nano | ₽2.5000 | ₽2.9500 |
| s1.micro | ₽5.0085 | ₽5.9100 |
| s1.small | ₽10.0085 | ₽11.8100 |
| s1.medium | ₽20.0254 | ₽23.6300 |
| s1.large | ₽40.0424 | ₽47.2500 |
| s1.xlarge | ₽80.0932 | ₽94.5100 |


### Storage and backups {#prices-storage}

| Service | Cost of 1 GB per month, without VAT | Cost of 1 GB per month, including VAT |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| Standard network storage | ₽1.9068 | ₽2.2500 |
| Fast network storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.000 |
| Fast local storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.000 |
| Backups beyond the storage size | ₽2.1186 | ₽2.5000 |


### Egress traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01012019.md) %}
