* **Client output buffer limit normal**{#settings-limit-normal}{{ tag-all }}

    Setting a limit on the output buffer for regular clients.

    {{ VLK }} uses an output buffer to store data generated by a query before sending it out to a client. If a client is sending new queries faster than {{ VLK }} can process pending ones, this causes the buffer to grow.

    This setting includes the following parameters:

    * **Hard limit**: Hard buffer size limit (in bytes). If this value is exceeded, the connection with the client will terminate immediately. The minimum value is `0` (no limit). The default value is `0`. In the management console, define units of measurement using the **Hard limit unit** parameter.
    * **Soft limit**: Soft buffer size limit (in bytes). The connection to the client will not terminate unless this value is exceeded for a period of time specified in the **Soft seconds** parameter. The minimum value is `0` (no limit). The default value is `0`. In the management console, define units of measurement using the **Soft limit unit** parameter.
    * **Soft seconds**: Time (seconds) for which the soft buffer limit may be exceeded. The minimum value is `0`. The default value is `0`.

    For more information about this setting, see the [{{ VLK }} documentation](https://redis.io/docs/reference/clients/#output-buffer-limits).

* **Client output buffer limit pubsub**{#settings-limit-pubsub}{{ tag-all }}

    This limits the output buffer size for clients using the [Pub/Sub](https://redis.io/docs/manual/pubsub/) pattern.

    {{ VLK }} uses an output buffer to store data generated by a query before sending it out to a client. If a client is sending new queries faster than {{ VLK }} can process pending ones, this causes the buffer to grow.

    This setting includes the following parameters:

    * **Hard limit**: Hard buffer size limit (in bytes). If this value is exceeded, the connection with the client will terminate immediately. The minimum value is `0` (no limit). The default value is `33554432` (32 MB). In the management console, define units of measurement using the **Hard limit unit** parameter.
    * **Soft limit**: Soft buffer size limit (in bytes). The connection to the client will not terminate unless this value is exceeded for a period of time specified in the **Soft seconds** parameter. The minimum value is `0` (no limit). The default value is `8388608` (8 MB). In the management console, define units of measurement using the **Soft limit unit** parameter.
    * **Soft seconds**: Time (seconds) for which the soft buffer limit may be exceeded. The minimum value is `0`; default: `60`.

    For more information about this setting, see the [{{ VLK }} documentation](https://redis.io/docs/reference/clients/#output-buffer-limits).

* **Databases**{#settings-databases} {{ tag-all }}

    Number of databases.

    {{ VLK }} uses the concept of logical databases isolated from one another. Operations with keys and values in one database do not affect data in other databases. Each database is identified by its own number (from `0` to `Databases − 1`).

    The minimum value is `1`; the maximum value is `2147483647`; default: is `16`.

    For more information, see the relevant [{{ VLK }} documentation](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.0/redis.conf#L275).

    {% note warning %}

    If you change this parameter, all running {{ VLK }} nodes will be restarted.

    {% endnote %}

* **Lua time limit**{#settings-lua-time-limit} {{ tag-con }} {{ tag-cli }} {{ tag-api }}

    Maximum Lua script execution time (in milliseconds).

    The values range from `0` to `5000`. The default value is `5000`. If `0`, execution time is unlimited.

    Changes do not affect an already running script.

    For more information, see the relevant [{{ RD }} documentation](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.0/redis.conf#L1203).    

* **Maxmemory percent**{#settings-maxmemory-percent} {{ tag-all }}

    Maximum percentage of RAM to allocate for user data on {{ mrd-name }} cluster hosts.

    The minimum value is 1 and the maximum value is 75. The default value is 75.

    {% note info %}

    Decreasing the maximum percentage value will reduce the database capacity. This may be helpful if the database has Out of Memory Killer (OOM Killer) issues.

    {% endnote %}

* **Maxmemory policy**{#settings-maxmemory-policy} {{ tag-all }}

    This defines the memory management mode when there is not enough memory.

    * `volatile-lru`: Delete keys with expired TTL starting with the least recently used (LRU) one.
    * `volatile-lfu`: Delete keys with expired TTL starting with the least frequently used (LFU) one.
    * `volatile-ttl`: Delete keys with expired TTL starting with the shortest TTL one.
    * `volatile-random`: Delete keys with expired TTL in random order.
    * `allkeys-lru`: Delete keys regardless of their TTL starting with the least recently used one.
    * `allkeys-lfu`: Delete keys regardless of their TTL starting with the least frequently used one.
    * `allkeys-random`: Delete keys regardless of their TTL in any order.
    * `noeviction` (default): Do not delete keys. Return an error if there is not enough memory to insert the data.

    For more information, see the relevant [{{ VLK }} documentation](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/eviction-policy/).

* **Notify keyspace events**{#settings-notify-keyspace-events} {{ tag-all }}

    This setting configures notifications about keyspace events.

    Its value is a string with modifiers that manage notification output. The default value is an empty string (notification output is disabled).

    For a complete list of modifiers, see the [{{ VLK }} documentation](http://redis.io/topics/notifications).

* **Slowlog log slower than**{#settings-slowlog-slower-than} {{ tag-all }}

    Queries that run longer than the specified time (in microseconds) are considered slow. Such queries end up in the slow log. If the value is `0`, all executed queries will end up in the slow log.

    The minimum value is `-1` (no slow log); the maximum value is `9223372036854775807`; default: `10000`.

    For more information, see the relevant [{{ VLK }}](https://redis.io/commands/slowlog) documentation.

* **Slowlog max len**{#settings-slowlog-max-len} {{ tag-all }}

    Maximum number of entries in the slow query log. When the log is at its maximum length, before inserting new entries, the oldest ones will be removed.

    The minimum value is `0` (no slow log); the maximum value is `9223372036854775807`; default: `1000`.

    For more information, see the relevant [{{ VLK }}](https://redis.io/commands/slowlog) documentation.

* **Timeout**{#settings-timeout} {{ tag-all }}

    The time (in seconds) during which a connection to an inactive client is maintained.

    The minimum and default value is `0` (connections are not terminated); the maximum value is `2147483647`.

    For more information, see the relevant [{{ VLK }} documentation](https://redis.io/topics/clients).
