---
title: "Contributor License Agreement. Expired on February 20, 2023"
noIndex: true
---

# Contributor License Agreement

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on February 20, 2023. The current version is available at: <https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/cla>.*

Tel Aviv, Israel

This Agreement regulates the relations between CloudIL and Contributor, in frame of which Parties assume all rights and obligations as follows.

**Applicable Terms**. The Parties shall be guided by the following terms and their definitions given hereunder:

**Contributes** shall mean independent results of intellectual activity and means of individualization (including, but not limited to source code, design items, texts, documentation) being elements of the Programs.

**Programs** shall mean software, including mobile applications, developed by CloudIL or third parties as instructed by CloudIL and new (future) versions of such programs. The term "Programs" referred to hereinafter shall mean both Programs and their components unless the text of the Agreement defines it otherwise. Programs are computer programs as defined in the Israeli law.

**Agreement** shall mean this agreement to grant intellectual property rights made by and between Contributor and CloudIL.

**Contributor** shall mean an individual with necessary legal capacities that signed this Agreement and consented to all its provisions.

**CloudIL** shall mean Cloud.IL Systems Ltd, a legal entity registered under laws of the Israel (Registration Number: 516517307) located at: 94 Yigal Alon Street, 1 Alon Tower, 39 floor, Tel Aviv.

**Affiliates** shall mean legal entities able to control CloudIL's activities, directly or indirectly, and legal entities, which activities can be controlled by CloudIL, directly or indirectly; in this respect, "control" shall mean the direct or indirect holding of more than 50% of voting shares/stock in the authorized (share) capital or the right to manage or the right to influence the controlled legal entity's executive staff or policy obtained otherwise.

**User** shall mean any person using Programs or other products / services of CloudIL.

**Party** shall mean any party of this Agreement: Contributor or CloudIL.

1. **Subject of the Agreement**. Contributor grants to CloudIL the right to use Contributes under a royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable license by all means expressly specified hereby.
   
2. **Term and Territory. Delivery of contributes**. The license is provided for the entire duration of Contributor's exclusive right to Contributes throughout the world.
Contributes may be provided (delivered) by Contributor to CloudIL in any possible manner, both on a tangible carrier, or in electronic form, such as (but not limited to): on paper, in the form of request for changes (pull request), e-mail or task tracker. Contributes considered to be provided since the moment of their receipt by CloudIL.

3. **Use of Contributes by CloudIL**. CloudIL may (but not obliged to) by its own discretion and without any necessity to get a prior approval from Contributor or any other third party in any way, not contrary to law, in part (but not limited to):

   1. use Contributes for both commercial (including, for a fee) and non-commercial purposes; in advertising and marketing materials; in Programs and other products / services of CloudIL with open and closed source code; in whole or in part;

   2. change, reduce and expand Contributes, add comments, illustrations or any explanations to Contributes while using them;

   3. create other Contribute-based results of intellectual activity, including derivative works and composite works;

   4. convert Contributes into other languages, including other programming languages, port Contributes;

   5. use Contributes under the trade name and/or any trademark (service mark) of CloudIL or any other label as CloudIL thinks fit;

   6. provide Contributes to any third party both individually and as part of Programs and other products / services of CloudIL, "as is", with no need to provide any guarantees of error-free and failure-free operation of Contributes, their fitness for specific purposes and expectations, and any other guarantees, except as expressly prescribed by law;

   7. grant to Affiliates the right to use the Contributes in any way, not contrary to law. From the moment of such granting, Affiliates have the right to use Contributes by its own discretion and without necessity to to get a prior approval from Contributor or any other third party.

4. **Use of Contributes by Contributor**. Once Contributes are provided to CloudIL and this Agreement is signed, Contributor reserves the right to use Contributes by any legal means provided such use causes no damage to CloudIL's business reputation.

5. **Reports**. When using Contributes, CloudIL has no obligation to provide any reports on the use of Contributes to Contributor or any other third party.

6. **Market Value**. Contributor confirms that the market value of the ordinary (non-exclusive) license for the right to use each particular Contribute granted by Contributor to CloudIL makes USD 5 (five).

7. **Patent License**. Contributor hereby provides to CloudIL and users of a Contribute and/or Program a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as specified in this section) license for patent rights, including, but not limited to rights to develop, use, offer for sale, sell, import and otherwise alienate the Contribute and/or Program, where such rights are vested in Contributor, irrespective of whether these rights relate to the Contribute and/or Program as to separate elements or as to interconnected parts of one unit consisting, inter alia, of the Contribute and Program.

8. **Representations and Warranties**. Contributor makes the following representations and warranties to CloudIL, which CloudIL construes as essential for CloudIL and upon which CloudIL relies in the conclusion and implementation of the Agreement:

   1. Contributor have all rights and legal capacity needed to sign this Agreement;

   2. Contributes provided by Contributor to CloudIL were developed (created) by Contributor except for Contributes, exclusive rights to which are vested in other parties (rightholders), but which, according to such rightholders' direct expression of will, are distributed freely with no need to secure the rightholders' approval and with no remuneration payable to them (open libraries, etc.), and Contributor uses such Contributes (inter alia, to provide them to CloudIL) on legal grounds;

   3. Contributes are not subject to any third-party rights, including rights of the Contributor's employer;

   4. Contributor secured the consent of authors (rightholders) of results of intellectual activity being part of Contributes for CloudIL to use them by all means listed herein;

   5. any further use of Contributes by CloudIL as provided by Contributor to CloudIL does not infringe on intellectual and any other rights and legitimate interests of third parties, including the Contributor's employer.

9. **Liability**. If any claims or legal actions are filed against CloudIL for its use of Contributes, Contributor undertakes to compensate all property losses of the Customer resulted from such claims provided CloudIL used Contributes in accordance with the terms hereof. The amount of compensation of such property losses shall be determined according to documents confirming relevant payments made by CloudIL to third parties to resolve claims or legal actions or CloudIL's obligation to make such payments (including, but not limited to final and binding judicial decisions, writs of execution, decisions, regulations and other law-enforcement acts of public or municipal bodies).

10. **Limitation of Liability**. All Contributes provided by Contributor to CloudIL shall be provided "as is", with no guarantees, express and implied, including guarantees of quality, commercial value or fitness of Contributes for specific purposes.

11. **Logo and Trademarks**. Contributor may use the CloudIL logo only in the manner and under the terms specified in writing.

12. **Applicable Law**. The Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with Israeli law.

13. **Resolution of Disputes**. If the Parties fail to agree on disputable issues, disputes shall be reviewed in court at CloudIL's location. If CloudIL does not know Contributor's actual place of existence, disputes or other issues shall be reviewed in court at CloudIL's location.

14. **Entire Agreement**. This Agreement constitutes a full and express declaration of will of both Parties and cancels all other arrangements and communications of the Parties preceding the entry into force of this Agreement.

15. **Severability**. If one or more provisions of the Agreement are invalidated, such invalidity shall not affect the validity of any other provision of the Agreement and the Agreement as a whole.

16. **Legal Succession of the Parties**. The rights and obligations stipulated by this Agreement shall be mandatory for legal successors of the Parties, inter alia, if they change their organizational and legal form.

17. **Language of the Agreement**. This Agreement is made in English. English version is available at <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/cla>.
    
18. **Consent to Provisions of the Agreement**. By signing this Agreement, Contributor expresses its full and unconditional consent to all provisions hereof.
    
19. **Entry of the Agreement into Force**. The Agreement is deemed to become effective since the moment of receiving by CloudIL the Contribution from Contributor in any electronil form, including, but not limited to, corporate CloudIL's accounts on GitHub and BitBucket services.
    
20. **Retroactive effect of the Agreement**. If Contributor has already provided the Contributes to CloudIL at the moment of the Agreement signing, the provisions of the Agreement shall apply to relations of the Parties, which arisen before the date of the Agreement signing, since the moment of delivery the Contributors by Contributor to CloudIL.
 
**Cloud.IL Systems Ltd**

Address: 94 Yigal Alon Street, 1 Alon Tower, 39 floor, Tel Aviv

E-mail: [info@cloudil.co.il](mailto:info@cloudil.co.il)

Publication date: 23.11.2022

Web address: <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/cla> 
