---
title: "Privacy Policy. Expired on November 10, 2022"

noIndex: true
---

# Privacy Policy

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on November 10, 2022. The current version is available at: [https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/privacy](https://nebius.com/il/docs/legal/privacy).*

This Privacy Policy (**"Privacy Policy"**) is designed to provide data subjects (individuals) with information on the processing of their personal data (any information relating to them) in the context of cloud services.

This Privacy Policy is based on the provisions of data protection laws, which may be applicable in the country of your residence, including the Israeli Privacy Protection Law.

## 1. Owner {#owner}

Cloud.IL Systems Ltd located at the address: 94 Yigal Alon Street, 1 Alon Tower, 39 floor, Tel Aviv (**"Owner"**), is the owner of personal data processed under this Privacy Policy. It means that the Owner determines the purposes and means of the processing of these personal data.

Data subjects can contact Owner on any questions relating to the processing of their personal data under this Privacy Policy by either of the following methods:

Email: [support@cloudil.co.il](mailto:support@cloudil.co.il).

Postal address: 94 Yigal Alon St., Alon 1 tower, floor 39, Tel Aviv, 6789155

## 2. Purposes and legal bases for processing {#purposes}

The Owner processes personal data to manage provision of the services to its users (customer registration/authentication, provision of access to the service, support and troubleshooting, billing, etc.), to comply with applicable laws, to market the services and other products, to improve the services, to provide security of the services, to protect its legal rights.

When doing so, the Owner relies on data subject’s consent or other legal bases to the extent allowed or required by applicable data protection laws.

Data subjects can get more information on the legal bases for processing personal data by the Owner by sending a request with the use of contact details specified in section 1 of this Privacy Policy.

At the same time, the Owner processes personal data shared by users (e.g. uploaded into the cloud) for the purpose of providing its services. In this case, the Owner generally acts as a holder of personal data owned by the customer.

## 3. Categories of personal data concerned {#categories}

Owner processes personal data related to its potential and current customers (individuals or representatives of legal entities), individuals who actually use the cloud services (users), users of the website. Categories of processed personal data include:

* full name;
* email address;
* job title;
* company name;
* company size;
* company industry;
* other information provided by the customer in the registration form;
* payment and billing details;
* authentication data;
* information contained in support requests;
* information about usage of the service;
* metadata obtained in the course of using the service, including IP address and other identifiers;
* type and device ID;
* browser type and version;
* geographical location based on the IP address;
* service access times;
* statistics on page views and time spent on pages;
* information about usage of the website obtained through Google Analytics, cookies or similar technologies.

## 4. Recipients of personal data {#recipients}

The Owner discloses certain personal data to the following recipients to the extent required or permitted by applicable law and/or based on data subject’s consent:

* affiliate entities which are a part of the Owner’s group of companies that inter alia includes transfer of logs, IP addresses, user and resource IDs to a Russian-based company for support and technical maintenance purposes;
* providers of CRM, ERP, billing and other systems required for administrating Owner’s business processes;
* Google LLC providing Google Analytics service;
* partners otherwise assisting in provision of cloud services and achievement of other purposes mentioned in the section 2 of this Privacy Policy;
* various state and municipal authorities if strictly required to respond to their legitimate formal inquiries;
* other third parties when it is required for compliance with applicable laws.

## 5. Transfers to third countries {#transfers}

The Owner transfers personal data of the data subjects to third countries, including those that do not provide the same level of data protection as in the country of your residence. When doing so, the Owner relies on your consent and ensures implementation of security measures aimed at protection of your personal data in an appropriate manner.

The data subjects can get more information on the mechanisms of transfers to third countries by the Owner by sending a request with the use of contact details specified in section 1 of this Privacy Policy.

## 6. Storage periods {#stage-periods}

The Owner stores personal data as long as it is required to achieve the purposes of the processing specified in section 2 of this Privacy Policy, unless there are no specific data retention terms set out in applicable laws.

## 7. Basic rights of data subjects {#subject-rights}

The data subjects, in respect of their personal data, have rights to:

1. access;

   (The data subject can ask the Owner to confirm whether or not the Owner processes his/her personal data. If so, the data subject can access these personal data and can ask the Owner to explain certain details of the processing.)

2. rectification;

   (The data subject can ask the Owner to correct inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. If it complies with the purposes of the processing, the data subject can ask the Owner to complete incomplete personal data.)

3. erasure ("right to be forgotten");

   (The data subject can ask the Owner to erase personal data concerning him or her under applicable law. For example, this applies if (1) the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were processed; (2) the data subject withdraws consent to the processing and there is no other legal ground for the processing; (3) the personal data have been unlawfully processed.)

4. restriction on processing;

   (The data subject can ask the Owner to mark the stored personal data with the aim to limit their processing in the future under applicable law. This applies if (1) the data subject contests the accuracy of the personal data; (2) the data subject asks to restrict the use of the personal data when their processing is unlawful; (3) the data subject needs personal data to protect his/her rights when the Owner no longer needs the personal data; (4) the data subject has objected the processing based on the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.)

## 8. Withdrawal of consent {#withdrawal}

Where processing is based on consent, the data subject has the right to withdraw consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To withdraw consent, the data subject can contact the Owner with the use of contact details specified in section 1 of this Privacy Policy.

The Owner will notify you in case withdrawal of the consent leads to impossibility to provide the cloud services.

## 9. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority {#right-to-lodge}

Data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with the procedures set out in applicable law.

## 10. Necessity to provide personal data {#necessity-provide}

There are no general statutory or contractual requirements for data subjects to provide to the Owner with personal data processed under this Privacy Policy.

## 11. Sources of personal data {#sources}

The Owner collects personal data from data subjects themselves.

## 12. Changes to this Privacy Policy {#change-policy}

The Owner may change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. If so, the Owner notifies the data subjects about these changes by an appropriate method.

Date of publication: 14.06.2022
