---
noIndex: true
---

# CloudIL Platform Terms of Use

*This is an old version of the document, which expired on November 10, 2022. The current version is available at: <https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/terms>.*

## 1. General {#general}

1.1. Cloud.IL Systems Ltd ("CloudIL") invites users (the **"User"** or **"Users"**) to use the CloudIL Platform service available at: [https://cloudil.co.il](https://cloudil.co.il) (the "Platform").

1.2. The User's utilization of the Platform shall be governed by these Terms and [Terms of Use of CloudIL Marketplace](https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/marketplace-terms). The User may find information on the processing of personal data by CloudIL in its [Privacy Policy](https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/privacy).

1.3. By initiating use of the Platform and its functions, the User shall be deemed to have accepted in full, without any reservations or exceptions, these Terms, along with the Service Documentation. Should the User not accept any of the terms and conditions of the above documents, the User may not use the Platform.

1.4. CloudIL may amend these Terms and the above documents without notice, creating new versions of the Terms and said documents that shall become effective once posted online at the URLs specified in this clause and in clause 1.2 above, unless otherwise specified by the new versions of the Terms and said documents. The current Terms shall always be available at: [https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/terms](https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/terms).

1.5. Should CloudIL make any amendments to these Terms as specified in clause 1.4 above with which the User disagrees, the User shall cease using the Platform.

1.6. By using the Platform, the User consents to receive advertising and information messages. The User may unsubscribe from such messages by using the relevant Platform functions or by following the instructions given in a particular message.

1.7. These Terms and the relationships involved in Platform usage shall be governed by the laws of Israel. Any claims or legal action arising out of or in connection with these Terms or Platform use shall be filed with and reviewed by a court at CloudIL's location.

1.8. Use of the Platform shall be subject to the Service Documentation available at the website [https://cloudil.co.il/docs](https://cloudil.co.il/docs).

1.9. As of the effective date of these Terms, the Platform is launched in the preview version. Preview version means the version intended for external testing of the Platform's functionality and research capabilities in order to make improvements, troubleshoot errors, and gather User input for subsequent release of the full version. The preview can be used as a test environment and for performing non-critical tasks in an actual work environment.

1.9.1. The preview version of the Platform is free of charge. No service level agreement shall apply to the preview version.

1.9.2. The Platform at the preview version is not intended for processing of personal data. It is prohibited to use the Platform for this purpose.

1.9.3. CloudIL may switch from the preview version to the full version of the Platform by notifying Users 10 days in advance. The full version's terms of use may be governed by other documents, and Users wishing to use the full version shall accept the terms of such documents.

1.9.4. All User data and User created clusters may be lost when the preview version ends on transition to the full version, in which case the User will have to re-create the data clusters in order to continue using the Platform.

## 2. Platform Use. Certain Platform Functions {#platform-functions}

2.1. The Platform provides the User with free access to information about the Platform and services available through the Platform and enables the User to use specific Platform functions consisting of hardware and software located in CloudIL's infrastructure.

2.2. To use any or all of the Platform functions, the User shall register to fill the application form and shall use the account by logging into the Platform with the account details. Upon registration the User shall provide accurate and complete information requested in the registration form and shall keep such information updated. Should the User provide inaccurate information or should CloudIL have reason to believe that any information provided by the User is incomplete or inaccurate, CloudIL may, as it sees fit, block or delete the User’s account or deny the User access to the Platform.

2.2.1. When registering, the User shall choose the login username (the unique set of characters comprising the name on the Account) and use the allowed Identity providers. CloudIL may prohibit the use of certain usernames and may specify username and password requirements (length, admissible characters, etc.).

2.2.2. The User shall be responsible for security of the chosen means of access to the account and for the confidentiality of such means. The User shall be liable for any actions (and their consequences) involving CloudIL services provided through the User Account, including the User's voluntary transfer of information required to access the User Account to third parties under any terms and conditions (including contracts or agreements). Any actions involving CloudIL services performed through the User Account shall be deemed performed by the User.

2.2.3. The User shall promptly inform CloudIL of any instances of non User authorized access to CloudIL services through the User Account and/or any actual or presumed breach of confidentiality of the chosen means of access to the account. For security reasons, the User shall securely log out after completing each session by clicking the _Log Out_ button.

2.2.4. CloudIL reserves the right to require the User at any time to confirm the details specified in the User Account (including details of the Linked Card), information about the User, and other information related to usage of the CloudIL services that the User can access after logging into the CloudIL User Account.

2.3. The Platform may be used only where Internet access is available. The User shall independently obtain and pay for such access according to the terms and tariffs of their telecom or Internet provider.

2.4. The User shall use the Platform solely for lawful and bona fide purposes. The Platform may not be used in breach of this clause, inter alia, to post information and materials on the Internet or on CloudIL virtual servers that violate current laws, third party rights, or the documents specified in clause 1.2 above. Such use shall constitute grounds for the sanctions specified herein to be applied against the User.

2.5. The Users may create and manage their own User services and software and may allow other persons to do so by granting them access to such Platform features. In doing so, the User shall make such persons aware of these Terms and the documents specified in clause 1.2 above.

The User shall manage the access of said persons. The User shall be liable to CloudIL for said persons' actions, including breaches of these Terms and the documents specified in clause 1.2 above.

2.6. The User shall enable third party use of User services and software referred to in clause 2.5 above and shall monitor such use without CloudIL's involvement.

2.7. The User consents for CloudIL and its affiliates to process the personal information of the User and of the persons specified in clause 2.5 above in order for the Platform features to be provided. The User shall obtain consents of its employees or other representatives or provide for another legal bases required by applicable data protection laws for CloudIL and its affiliates to process personal data of the relevant employees or other representatives of the User to provide the User with the CloudIL services according to [Privacy Policy](https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/privacy). The User shall also inform its employees or other representatives of the processing of their personal data by CloudIL.

2.8. The User is hereby notified, understands, and agrees that CloudIL may collect statistics on how the Platform is used.

2.9. The User agrees that when the Platform is used to create and manage the User services and software specified in clause 2.5 above, such services and software, along with all their content, may be placed on CloudIL software and hardware with or without identification of the author and/or the right-holder, without obligation to report how such services and software are used, without the need to obtain special permission from the User, without remuneration, without restriction as to the territory from which the User and third parties can access said services and software or the locations of CloudIL resources where copies of such services and software can be found, during the time from when the User placed such services and software on CloudIL resources until such services and software are deleted from CloudIL resources, and that they may be placed together with the intellectual property of any persons, regardless of their value, in any sequence. At the same time, the User acknowledges and agrees that CloudIL has no obligation to review and check, or moderate, such services and software. If the User is not entitled to grant said rights to use any service, software, their components or their content to CloudIL, the User shall refrain from placing such service or software.

2.10. The User shall be liable for compliance of any User posted content with applicable legal requirements, including liability to third parties should any User posted content or subject matter infringe the rights and legitimate interests of third parties, including personal non-property rights of authors and any other intellectual property rights of third parties, and/or encroach on other intangible assets.

2.10.1. The User acknowledges and agrees that CloudIL has no obligation to review any content posted and/or distributed by the User through CloudIL services and that CloudIL has the right (but not the duty), as it sees fit, to prohibit the User from posting and/or distributing content or to remove any content available through CloudIL services.

2.10.2. When using CloudIL services, the User shall not:

* download, send, transmit or in any other way post and/or distribute any content that is illegal, harmful, libelous or unethical, that violates intellectual property rights, that promotes hatred and/or racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social discrimination, or that is insulting to any persons and/or organizations;
* violate third party rights, including the rights of minors, and/or cause harm in any way;
* impersonate any other person or representative of an organization and/or community without being authorized to represent them;
* download, send, transmit or otherwise post and/or distribute content unless permitted by law to do so;
* download, send, transmit or otherwise post and/or distribute unauthorized advertising material, spam (including spamdexing), or lists of other persons' e-mail addresses;
* download, send, transmit or otherwise post and/or distribute any materials containing viruses or other computer codes, files or programs that are designed to breach, destroy or limit the operation of any computer or telecommunication hardware or software, to obtain unauthorized access to commercial software (or obtain commercial software serial numbers), logins, passwords and other means of obtaining authorized access to fee-based online resources, and shall not post links to such information;
* put any sensitive information (finance information, personal data, secrets, etc) into technical fields and configurations, accessible for him to alter (e.g. resource labels and descriptions, URLs, etc). CloudIL consider these objects only as technical and cannot take any additional responsibility for information which may be put into such objects.
* collect and store personal information of third parties without proper authorization.

2.11. If a help request is made to Platform's support service, then in order for the request to be processed, the User agrees for the support service to be granted access (i.e., for the support service to have such access after the request) to the User's data and databases on the platform and to their logs and metrics.

## 3. Miscellaneous {#miscellaneous}

3.1. The Platform is provided "as is". CloudIL provides no guarantees as to error- and trouble-free operation of the Platform, its components and/or functions, or as to the Program's suitability for the User's specific purposes and expectations, and provides no other guarantees except those expressly stated in the services documents.

3.2. CloudIL shall not be held liable for any direct or indirect consequences of any use or unavailability of the Platform and/or any losses incurred by the User and/or third parties as a result of any use, failure or unavailability of the Platform, its components and/or functions, inter alia, due to errors or malfunctions, except as expressly stipulated by law.

3.3. CloudIL may set any limits and restrictions on Platform use and may modify them as it thinks fit without prior notice.

3.4. CloudIL may, as it thinks fit, limit or completely block User access to the Platform (or to certain Platform features, if technically feasible) should these Terms be breached, and may take other measures to ensure the User's conformance to legal requirements and the rights and lawful interests of CloudIL and third parties.

3.5. CloudIL may, as it thinks fit, at any time block access for the persons specified in clause 2.5 above without notice to the User and without giving reasons.

3.6. The relationship between CloudIL and the User hereunder may be terminated by either party by notifying the other not less than 10 calendar days in advance.

3.7. All questions and claims concerning Platform use/unavailability and possible infringement of laws and/or third-party rights shall be sent to [info@cloudil.co.il](mailto:info@cloudil.co.il).

Date of publication: 29.06.2022

Web address: [https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/terms](https://cloudil.co.il/docs/legal/terms)
