# Creating a logical replica of Amazon RDS for {{ PG }} in {{ mpg-name }}


You can use logical replication to migrate a database from an Amazon RDS for {{ PG }} _source cluster_ to a {{ mpg-name }} _target cluster_.

[Logical replication]({{ pg-docs }}/logical-replication.html) uses the [subscription]({{ pg-docs }}/sql-createsubscription.html) mechanism. It allows you to migrate data to the target cluster with minimal downtime. Logical replication is available in Amazon RDS for {{ PG }} version 10.4 and higher.

Use logical replication if [data migration using {{ data-transfer-full-name }}](../tutorials/data-migration.md#data-transfer) is not possible for any reason.

To migrate a database from an Amazon RDS source cluster for {{ PG }} to a {{ mpg-name }} target cluster:

1. [Configure Amazon RDS](#amazon-set).
1. [Configure the target cluster and create a subscription](#mdb-pg-set).
1. [Migrate sequences](#transfer-sequences).
1. [Delete the subscription and transfer the load to the target cluster](#transfer-load).

## Features of using logical replication {#logical-replica-specific}

* Changes to the database schema and DDL are not replicated.

    First apply the new schema changes on the [subscription]({{ pg-docs }}/logical-replication-subscription.html) side and then on the [publication]({{ pg-docs }}/logical-replication-publication.html) side.

* Sequences (`SEQUENCES`) are not replicated.

    When a table is replicated, the data in the `serial` columns or ID columns generated by sequences is also replicated. However, the sequence on the subscriber side will preserve its starting value.

    If you switch to the subscriber database, restart the sequence using the latest value:

    ```sql
    ALTER SEQUENCE serial RESTART WITH <new_value>;
    ```

* When you create a subscription, data from the source tables is fully copied.

    To accelerate the copying process, create only the primary key (`PRIMARY KEY`). Create all the other indexes after the copying is complete.

* If a table does not have a primary key, errors will occur during replication:

    ```text
    ERROR: 55000: cannot update table "<table_name>" because it does not have a replica identity and publishes updates
    HINT: To enable updating the table, set REPLICA IDENTITY using ALTER TABLE.
    ```

    To run the `UPDATE` and `DELETE` replications in tables without the primary key, change `REPLICA IDENTITY`:

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE <table_name> REPLICA IDENTITY FULL;
    ```

* External tables are not replicated.
* If you need to recreate the subscription, clear the tables in the target cluster to prevent primary key constraint errors.
* To view errors relating to logical replication, see the [{{ mpg-name }} logs](cluster-logs.md).

## Getting started {#before-you-begin}

Create the required resources:

{% list tabs group=resources %}

- Manually {#manual}

    [Create a {{ mpg-name }} cluster](../operations/cluster-create.md) with public host access. In which case:

    * The {{ PG }} version must be the same or higher than in the source cluster. You cannot perform migration while downgrading {{ PG }} version.
    * The name of the database must be the same as in the source cluster.
    * Enable the same [{{ PG }} extensions](../operations/extensions/cluster-extensions.md) as in the source database.

- {{ TF }} {#tf}

    1. {% include [terraform-install-without-setting](../../_includes/mdb/terraform/install-without-setting.md) %}
    1. {% include [terraform-authentication](../../_includes/mdb/terraform/authentication.md) %}
    1. {% include [terraform-setting](../../_includes/mdb/terraform/setting.md) %}
    1. {% include [terraform-configure-provider](../../_includes/mdb/terraform/configure-provider.md) %}

    1. Download the [logical-replica-amazon-rds-to-postgresql.tf](https://github.com/yandex-cloud-examples/yc-postgresql-amazon-rds-replica/blob/main/logical-replica-amazon-rds-to-postgresql.tf) configuration file to the same working directory.

        This file describes:

        * [Network](../../vpc/concepts/network.md#network).
        * [Subnet](../../vpc/concepts/network.md#subnet).
        * [Security group](../../vpc/concepts/security-groups.md) and rule enabling cluster connections.
        * {{ mpg-name }} cluster with public internet access.

    1. Specify the infrastructure parameters in the `logical-replica-amazon-rds-to-postgresql.tf` configuration file under `locals`:

        * `pg_version`: {{ PG }} version. It must be not lower than the Amazon RDS version.
        * `db_name`: Target cluster database name. It must be the same as the source database name.
        * `username` and `password`: Name and user password of the database owner.
        * Names and versions of {{ PG }} extensions used in Amazon RDS. Uncomment and multiply the `extension` section.

    1. Make sure the {{ TF }} configuration files are correct using this command:

        ```bash
        terraform validate
        ```

        If there are any errors in the configuration files, {{ TF }} will point them out.

    1. Create the required infrastructure:

        {% include [terraform-apply](../../_includes/mdb/terraform/apply.md) %}

        {% include [explore-resources](../../_includes/mdb/terraform/explore-resources.md) %}

{% endlist %}

## Configure Amazon RDS {#amazon-set}

{% note warning %}

The DB instance must have public access enabled: `Public accessibility = yes`.

{% endnote %}

1. Set up logical replication.

    1. In the `parameter group` of your DB instance, set the parameter as follows:

        ```text
        rds.logical_replication = 1
        ```

    1. Restart the cluster to apply the changes.

1. Create a separate user with the `rds_replication` role. To do this, execute the following on behalf of the user with the `rds_superuser` role:

    ```sql
    CREATE ROLE <username> WITH LOGIN PASSWORD <password>;
    GRANT rds_replication TO <username>;
    ```

1. Grant the `SELECT` privilege for all the tables involved in the replication:

    ```sql
    GRANT SELECT ON <table_1>, <table_2>, ..., <table_n> TO <username>;
    ```

1. Create a publication:

    ```sql
    CREATE PUBLICATION pub FOR TABLE <table_1>, <table_2>, ..., <table_n>;
    ```

    {% note info %}

    We do not recommend using the `FOR ALL TABLES` publications as you will not be able to edit the table list later.

    {% endnote %}

1. Add a rule for incoming traffic in [{{ vpc-short-name }} security groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html). Example:

    ```text
    protocol: tcp, port: 5432, source: 84.201.175.90/32
    ```

    Where `84.201.175.90` is a public IP address.

## Configure the target cluster and create a subscription {#mdb-pg-set}

In {{ mpg-name }} clusters, subscriptions can be used by the database owner (a user created together with the cluster) and users with the `mdb_admin` role for the cluster.

1. Optionally, [assign](../operations/grant.md#grant-role) the `mdb_admin` role to the {{ mpg-name }} cluster user.

1. Create a subscription with the source cluster connection string:

    ```sql
    CREATE SUBSCRIPTION s_data_migration CONNECTION 'host=<source_cluster_address> port=<port> user=<username> sslmode=prefer dbname=<DB_name>' PUBLICATION pub;
    ```

    To learn more about creating subscriptions, see the [{{ PG }} documentation]({{ pg-docs }}/sql-createsubscription.html).

1. To get the replication status, check the `pg_subscription_rel` folders.

    ```sql
    SELECT * FROM pg_subscription_rel;
    ```

    `r` in the `srsubstate` field means that the replication is over.

### Migrate sequences {#transfer-sequences}

To complete synchronization of the source cluster and the target cluster:

1. Switch the source cluster to <q>read-only</q>.
1. Create a dump with sequences:

    ```bash
    pg_dump --host=<source_cluster_address> \
            --username=<username> \
            --port=<port> \
            --dbname=<DB_name> \
            --data-only \
            --table='*.*_seq' > /tmp/seq-data.sql
    ```

    Pay attention to the `*.*_seq` pattern used. If the database you are migrating has sequences that do not match this pattern, enter a different pattern to export them.

    For more information about patterns, see the [{{ PG }} documentation]({{ pg-docs }}/app-psql.html#APP-PSQL-PATTERNS).

1. Restore the dump with sequences in the target cluster:

    ```bash
    psql \
        --host=<master_host_FQDN_of_target_cluster> \
        --username=<username> \
        --port={{ port-mpg }} \
        --dbname=<DB_name> < /tmp/seq-data.sql
    ```

### Delete the subscription and transfer the load to the target cluster {#transfer-load}

1. Delete the subscription in the target cluster:

    ```sql
    DROP SUBSCRIPTION s_data_migration;
    ```

1. Transfer the load to the target cluster.
