---
editable: false
---
# Pricing policy for [!KEYREF compute-name]

[!INCLUDE [currency-choice](../../_includes/pricing/currency-choice.md)]

## What goes into the cost of using [!KEYREF compute-short-name] {#rules}

The cost of [!KEYREF compute-short-name] usage is based on:

* Computing resources
    * Type and number of cores (vCPU)
    * Amount of memory (RAM)
* Operating systems
* Type and size of storage:
    * Disks
    * Images
    * Snapshots
* The amount of outgoing traffic.
* Public IP address.

[!INCLUDE [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md)]

### Use of VM instances {#instance}

The cost of a VM depends on the allocated computing resources, operating system, and usage time. Attached disks and network usage are charged separately.

The cost is calculated for the time of using the VM, from the moment it is started (when its status changes to `RUNNING`) and to a complete stop. The time when the VM is stopped is not charged.

The VM starts automatically once it is created.

When creating a VM, you can specify a public IP address for it.
For information about charges for using an external IP address, see the section [[!TITLE]](../../vpc/pricing.md) in the Yandex Virtual Private Cloud documentation.

#### Computing resources {#instance-resources}

When creating a VM, you specify the number of vCPUs, the basic level of core performance, and the amount of RAM in GB. For more information, see the section [[!TITLE]](../concepts/vm-platforms.md).

The baseline core performance level depends on the type of [platform](../concepts/vm-platforms.md).

[!KEYREF price-per-hour-count-per-second]

#### Operating systems {#burstable-instance-os}

OS usage on a VM is charged, as well. The cost depends on the OS license and the amount of computing resources. The core usage type selected for the VM also matters.

[!KEYREF price-per-hour-count-per-second]

#### Example of cost calculation

Compare costs using virtual machines with diferents levels of core performance.

Two VMs are running Linux OS:

* 5% vCPU, 1 GB RAM.
* 100% vCPU, 1 GB RAM.

Both VMs have been running for 30 days.

Cost of the virtual machine with 5% core usage:

> 5% of vCPU = ₽0.1932/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽139.1040
>
> 1 GB RAM = ₽0.2441/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽175.7520
>
> Total: ₽314.8560

Cost of the virtual machine with 100% core usage:

> 1 vCPU = ₽0.7017/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽505.2240
>
>1 GB RAM = ₽0.2441/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽175.7520
>
>Total: ₽680.9760

The cost of a VM with 5% core usage is about half as much as a VM with 100% core usage.

### Use of storage (disks, snapshots, and images) {#disk}

When creating a disk, you specify its size, that is, the amount of block storage that the disk occupies. The cost of the service depends on the time between the disk's creation and deletion, the amount of disk space, and the disk type selected during its creation.

You are charged for your disks regardless of whether the VM is running.

If you created an image or snapshot, you pay for the storage of this object separately depending on its size.

The cost is specified for one month of use. Charging per second.


## Prices {#prices}

### Computing resources  {#prices-instance-resources}

---

**[!TAB Prices in USD]**

Computing resources | Rate for 1 hour, without VAT |
----- | -----
**Intel Broadwell** | 
5% vCPU | $0.002476
20% vCPU | $0.007051 |
100% vCPU | $0.008996 |
RAM (за 1 ГБ) | $0.003129
**Intel Cascade Lake** | 
5% vCPU | $0.001307
20%+ vCPU | $0.003923
50%+ vCPU | $0.005753
100% vCPU | $0.009584
RAM (за 1 ГБ) | $0.002538

**[!TAB Prices in roubles]**

Computing resources | Rate for 1 hour, with VAT |
----- | -----
**Intel Broadwell** | 
5% vCPU | ₽0.1932
20% vCPU | ₽0.5500 |
100% vCPU | ₽0.7017 |
RAM (за 1 ГБ) | ₽0.2441
**Intel Cascade Lake** | 
5% vCPU | ₽0.1020
20%+ vCPU | ₽0.3060
50%+ vCPU | ₽0.4488
100% vCPU | ₽0.7476
RAM (за 1 ГБ) | ₽0.1980

---


### Computing resources of preemptible VMs {#prices-preemptible-instance-resources}

Computing resources | Rate for 1 hour, with VAT |
----- | -----
**Intel Broadwell** | 
| 5%+ of vCPU| ₽0.1198 |
| 20%+ vCPU| ₽0.3408 |
| 100% of vCPU| ₽0.2160 |
| RAM (for 1 GB)| ₽0.0750 |
**Intel Cascade Lake** | 
| 5%+ of vCPU| ₽0.0636 |
| 20%+ vCPU| ₽0.1908 |
| 50%+ vCPU| ₽0.2796 |
| 100% of vCPU| ₽0.2040 |
| RAM (for 1 GB)| ₽0.0492 |


### Operating systems {#burstable-instance-os}

---

**[!TAB Prices in USD]**

| OS | Cost per vCPU per hour, without VAT
----- | -----
| Linux for all core types  | $0 |
| Windows Server for 5%+ of vCPU | $0.008135 |
| Windows Server for 20%+, 50%+, 100% vCPU | $0.016270 |

**[!TAB Prices in roubles]**

| OS | Cost per vCPU per hour, with VAT |
----- | -----
| Linux for all core types  | ₽0 |
| Windows Server for 5%+ of vCPU | ₽0.6346 |
| Windows Server for 20%+, 50%+, 100% vCPU | ₽1.2691 |

---

### Disks, snapshots, and images {#prices-storage}

---

**[!TAB Prices in USD]**

| Type | Rate for 1 GB per month, without VAT
----- | -----
| Fast network drive (NVMe) | $0.095437 |
| Standard disk drive (HDD) | $0.026726 |
| Snapshot | $0.028552 |
| Image | $0.028552 |

**[!TAB Prices in roubles]**

| Type | Rate for 1 GB per month, with VAT |
----- | -----
| Fast network drive (NVMe) | ₽7.4441 |
| Standard disk drive (HDD) | ₽2.0847 |
| Snapshot | ₽2.2271 |
| Image | ₽2.2271 |

---


### Outgoing traffic {#prices-traffic}

[!INCLUDE-NOTITLE [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic.md)]
