---
title: '{{ compute-full-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019'
description: The article describes the {{ compute-name }} pricing policy in effect from January 1 to March 1, 2019.
editable: false
---

# {{ compute-full-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019

This is the old version of the pricing policy that expired on March 1, 2019. For the current {{ compute-name }} pricing policy, see [{#T}](../pricing.md).

## What goes into the cost of using {{ compute-short-name }} {#rules}

The {{ compute-short-name }} usage cost includes:
* VM computing resources:
    * Type and number of cores (vCPUs).
    * Amount of RAM.
* Operating systems.
* Type and size of storage:
    * Disks.
    * Images.
    * Snapshots.
* Amount of outgoing traffic.
* Public IP address.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

### VM usage {#instance}

The cost of a VM depends on the allocated computing resources, operating system, and usage time. Attached disks and network usage are charged separately.

The cost is calculated for the time of using the VM, from the moment it is started (when its status switches to `RUNNING`) until it is completely stopped. The time when the VM is stopped is not charged.

The VM starts automatically once it is created.

When creating a VM, you can specify a public IP address for it.
For information about external IP address usage pricing, see [{#T}](../../vpc/pricing.md) in the {{ vpc-full-name }} documentation.

#### Computing resources {#instance-resources}

When creating a VM, you specify the number of vCPUs, the basic level of core performance, and the amount of RAM in GB. For more information, see [{#T}](../concepts/performance-levels.md).

The basic level of vCPU performance depends on the [platform](../concepts/vm-platforms.md) you select.

{{ price-per-hour-count-per-second }}

#### Operating systems {#instance-os}

OS usage on a VM is also charged. The cost depends on the OS license and the amount of computing resources. The core usage type selected for the VM also matters.

{{ price-per-hour-count-per-second }}

#### Cost calculation example {#example-of-cost-calculation}

Compare costs using light and standard virtual machines.

Two VMs were created running Linux OS:

* 5% of vCPU and 1 GB RAM
* 100% of vCPU and 1 GB RAM

Both VMs have been running for 30 days.

Cost of the light virtual machine:

> 5% vCPU = ₽0.1932/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽139.1040
>
> 1 GB RAM = ₽0.2441/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽175.7520
>
> Total: ₽314.8560

Cost of the standard virtual machine:

> 1 vCPU = ₽0.7017/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽505.2240
>
> 1 GB RAM = ₽0.2441/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽175.7520
>
> Total: ₽680.9760

The cost of a light VM is about half as much as a standard VM.

### Storage usage (disks, snapshots, and images) {#disk}

When creating a disk, you specify its size, meaning the amount of block storage that the disk occupies. The cost of the service depends on the amount of time between when the disk is created and deleted, the amount of disk space, and the disk type selected during creation.

You pay for your disks whether the VM is running or not.

If you created an image or snapshot, you pay for the storage of this object separately depending on its size.

The price covers one month of use. You are charged per second of usage.

## Prices {#prices}

### VM computing resources {#prices-instance-resources}

| Computing resources | Price per hour, without VAT | Price per hour, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| 5% vCPU | ₽0.1610 | ₽0.1932 |
| 100% vCPU | ₽0.5847 | ₽0.7017 |
| RAM (for 1 GB) | ₽0.2034 | ₽0.2441 |

### Preemptible VM computing resources {#prices-preemptible-instance-resources}

| Computing resources | Price per hour, without VAT | Price per hour, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| 5% vCPU | ₽0.0998 | ₽0.1198 |
| 100% vCPU | ₽0.1800 | ₽0.2160 |
| RAM (for 1 GB) | ₽0.0625 | ₽0.0750 |

### Operating systems {#prices-os}

| OS | Cost per vCPU per hour,<br/>without VAT | Cost per vCPU per hour,<br/>including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| Linux for all core types | ₽0 | ₽0 |
| Windows Server for 5% vCPU | ₽0.5288 | ₽0.6346 |
| Windows Server for 1 vCPU | ₽1.0576 | ₽1.2691 |

### Disks, snapshots, and images {#prices-storage}

| Type | Price per GB per month,<br/>without VAT | Price per GB per month,<br/>including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| Fast disk drive (SSD) | ₽6.2034 | ₽7.4441 |
| Standard disk (HDD) | ₽1.7373 | ₽2.0847 |
| Snapshot | ₽1.8559 | ₽2.2271 |
| Image | ₽1.8559 | ₽2.2271 |

### Outgoing traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01032019.md) %}
