---
editable: false
---
# Pricing policy for {{ compute-full-name }} before January 1, 2019

## What goes into the cost of using {{ compute-short-name }} {#rules}

The cost of {{ compute-short-name }} usage is based on:

* Computing resources
    * Type and number of cores (vCPU)
    * Amount of memory (RAM)
* Operating systems
* Type and size of storage:
    * Disks
    * Images
    * Snapshots
* The amount of outgoing traffic.
* Public IP address.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

### Use of VM instances {#instance}

The cost of a VM depends on the allocated computing resources, operating system, and usage time. Attached disks and network usage are charged separately.

The cost is calculated for the time of using the VM, from the moment it is started (when its status changes to `RUNNING`) until it is completely stopped. The time when the VM is stopped is not charged.

The VM starts automatically once it is created.

When creating a VM, you can specify a public IP address for it.
For information about charges for using an external IP address, see the section [{#T}](../../vpc/pricing.md) in the Yandex Virtual Private Cloud documentation.

#### Computing resources {#instance-resources}

When creating a VM, you specify the number of vCPUs, the basic level of core performance, and the amount of RAM in GB. For more information, see [{#T}](../concepts/performance-levels.md).

The basic level of core performance depends on the [platform](../concepts/vm-platforms.md) you selected.

{{ price-per-hour-count-per-second }}

#### Operating systems {#instance-os}

OS usage on a VM is charged, as well. The cost depends on the OS license and the amount of computing resources. The core usage type selected for the VM also matters.

{{ price-per-hour-count-per-second }}

#### Example of cost calculation {#example-of-cost-calculation}

Compare costs using light and standard virtual machines.

Two VMs have been created running Linux OS:

* 5% vCPU and 1 GB RAM
* 100% vCPU and 1 GB RAM

Both VMs have been running for 30 days.

Cost of the light virtual machine:

> 5% vCPU = ₽0.1932/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽139.1040

1 GB RAM = ₽0.2441/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽175.7520

Total: ₽314.8560

Cost of the standard virtual machine:

> 1 vCPU = ₽0.7017/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽505.2240

1 GB RAM = ₽0.2441/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = ₽175.7520

Total: ₽680.9760

The cost of a light VM is about half as much as a standard VM.

### Use of storage (disks, snapshots, and images) {#disk}

When creating a disk, you specify its size, that is, the amount of block storage that the disk occupies. The cost of the service depends on the time between the disk's creation and deletion, the amount of disk space, and the disk type selected during its creation.

You are charged for your disks regardless of whether the VM is running.

If you created an image or snapshot, you pay for the storage of this object separately depending on its size.

The cost is specified for one month of use. Pricing is per second.

## Prices before January 1, 2019 {#prices}

### Computing resources  {#prices-instance-resources}

| Computing resources | Cost of 1 hour, without VAT | Cost of 1 hour, with VAT |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| 5% vCPU | ₽0.1610 | ₽0.1900 |
| 100% vCPU | ₽0.5847 | ₽0.6900 |
| RAM (for 1 GB) | ₽0.2034 | ₽0.2400 |

### Operating systems {#prices-os}

| OS | Cost per vCPU per hour,<br/> without VAT | Cost per vCPU per hour,<br/> with VAT |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| Linux for all core types | ₽0 | ₽0 |
| Windows Server for 5% vCPU | ₽0.4746 | ₽0.5600 |
| Windows Server for 1 vCPU | ₽0.9492 | ₽1.1200 |

### Disks, snapshots, and images {#prices-storage}

| Type | Cost of 1 GB per month,<br/> without VAT | Cost of 1 GB per month,<br/> with VAT |
| ----- | ----- | ----- |
| Fast network drive (SSD) | ₽6.2034 | ₽7.3200 |
| Standard disk drive (HDD) | ₽1.7373 | ₽2.0500 |
| Snapshot | ₽1.8559 | ₽2.1900 |
| Image | ₽1.8559 | ₽2.1900 |

### Outgoing traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic-01012019](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01012019.md) %}

