# Symmetric encryption in {{ kms-short-name }}

One of the available encryption modes in {{ kms-short-name }} is _symmetric encryption_. It uses the same (symmetric) key for encryption and decryption. {{ kms-short-name }} supports several symmetric algorithms:
  * [AES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) with a 128, 192, or 256-bit key in [GCM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galois/Counter_Mode) mode. 
  * [AES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) with a 256-bit key in [CBC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Block_cipher_mode_of_operation#Cipher_block_chaining_(CBC)) mode with [HMAC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMAC).
  * [Grasshopper](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuznyechik) algorithm according to [GOST](https://protect.gost.ru/v.aspx?control=7&id=200990) with a 256-bit key and [OMAC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-key_MAC).

An important condition for secure encryption is the use of a cryptographically stable pseudo-random number generator (necessary for generating encryption keys and initialization vectors). {{ kms-short-name }} uses its own implementation of the [Fortuna](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortuna_(PRNG)) algorithm, which collects entropy from various sources (RDSEED and RDRAND, /dev/urandom, host entropy).

If you are using a [Hardware Security Module (HSM)](hsm.md), encryption keys are generated inside the HSM using a built-in reliable entropy generator.

The crypto material contained in key versions is not available as plaintext outside {{ kms-short-name }}. For encryption and decryption, {{ kms-short-name }} uses two cryptographic operations: [encrypt](../api-ref/SymmetricCrypto/encrypt) and [decrypt](../api-ref/SymmetricCrypto/decrypt).

## Encrypt operation {#encryption}

1. Accepts the key ID (`keyID`) together with plaintext (`plaintext`) as input data.
    
    To perform encryption using a non-primary key version, supply the ID of any active key version (`versionId`) to the operation input.
1. Encrypts plaintext using the algorithm and cryptographic material of the primary key version. 
1. Returns the resulting ciphertext (`ciphertext`).

The encrypt operation is suitable for encrypting small amounts of data. The maximum `plaintext` size is 32 KB. To encrypt large amounts of data, use [envelope encryption](../concepts/envelope.md).

## Decrypt operation {#decryption}

1. Accepts the key ID (`keyID`) and ciphertext (`ciphertext`) as input data.

    The ciphertext generated by the encrypt operation contains the version ID (`versionId`) used for encryption. The algorithm and cryptographic material for decryption are taken from this version of the key.
1. Decrypts the text.
1. Returns the resulting `plaintext`. 

In {{ kms-short-name }}, the encrypt and decrypt operations support the transmission of AAD (Additional Authenticated Data) context as a parameter (`aadContext`) for extra encryption security.

## AAD context {#add-context}

Additional Authenticated Data (AAD) is additional data passed to the input of the [encrypt](../api-ref/SymmetricCrypto/encrypt) and [decrypt](../api-ref/SymmetricCrypto/decrypt) operations. To successfully decrypt data, provide the same AAD context as that provided for encryption. 

The AAD context is closely related to the encrypted data (without knowing the AAD context, it is impossible to decrypt the ciphertext), but it does not increase the cryptographic stability of the ciphertext and is not part of it. The AAD context is designed to protect against [confused deputy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confused_deputy_problem) attacks through additional verification of the data during decryption.

{% note info %}

In the AAD context, specify as much information as possible to uniquely identify where the ciphertext is located and where it belongs (for a database, this may be the name of the table and the value of the primary key, for a file – the path to this file, and so on).

{% endnote %}

#### Example of a confused deputy attack {#example}

The service stores the users' residential addresses in relation to their usernames. The addresses are saved to the database in encrypted form. They are encrypted with a key but no AAD context. Each DB record is marked as belonging to a particular user.

* Alice used the service and gave her address.
    * A new entry is added to the database and marked as belonging to Alice. It contains the address in encrypted form. 
    * Alice can see her address: records belonging to her will be selected from the database, decrypted, and shown to Alice.
* Another user, Trudy, was granted access to the database. 
    * Trudy has no encryption key and cannot decrypt the content of the database, but she can modify it. 
    * Trudy marks the entry containing Alice's encrypted address as owned by her and can now see Alice's address.

The problem is solved if during the encryption process you provide, for example, username as AAD context. In this case: 
1. Trudy will try to view Alice's data marked as her own.
1. The service will pass Trudy's username instead of Alice's one as AAD context.
1. The data cannot be decrypted.

## Use cases {#examples}

* [{#T}](../tutorials/encrypt/cli-api.md)
* [{#T}](../tutorials/encrypt/sdk.md)
* [{#T}](../tutorials/kms-k8s.md)
* [{#T}](../tutorials/secure-password-script.md)