---
editable: false
---

# Pricing for {{ compute-name }} from March 22, 2022

{% note alert %}

On March 22, 2022, the prices for Microsoft operating systems and licences will be increased by 60%. The new prices are listed on this page. For prices that are valid until March 21, see [{#T}](pricing.md).

{% endnote %}

## What goes into the cost of using {{ compute-short-name }} {#rules}

The cost of {{ compute-short-name }} usage is based on:

* Computing resources:
  * Type and number of cores (vCPUs).
  * Number of graphics accelerators (GPUs).
  * Amount of memory (RAM).
* Operating systems.
* Type and size of storage:
  * Disks.
  * Images.
  * Snapshots.
* The amount of outgoing traffic.
* Public IP address.

{% include [pricing-gb-size](../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

The monthly usage rate is based on 720 hours a month.

### VM usage {#instance}

The cost of a VM depends on the allocated computing resources, operating system, and usage time. Attached disks and network usage are charged separately.

The cost is calculated for the time of using the VM, from the moment it is started (when its status changes to `RUNNING`) until it is completely stopped. The time when the VM is stopped is not charged.

The VM starts automatically once it's created.

When creating a VM, you can specify a public IP address for it.

For information about external IP address usage pricing, see [{#T}](../vpc/pricing.md) in the {{ vpc-full-name }} service documentation.

#### Computing resources {#instance-resources}

When creating a VM, you specify the number of vCPUs and graphics accelerators ([GPUs](concepts/gpus.md)), as well as the basic level of core performance and the amount of RAM in GB. Read more in [{#T}](concepts/performance-levels.md).

The basic level of core performance depends on the [platform](concepts/vm-platforms.md) you select.

{{ price-per-hour-count-per-second }}

#### Operating systems {#instance-os}

OS usage on a VM is also charged. The cost depends on the OS license and the amount of computing resources. The core usage type selected for the VM also matters.

{{ price-per-hour-count-per-second }}

#### Example of cost calculation {#example-of-cost-calculation}

Let's compare the cost of running VMs on the Intel Broadwell [platform](concepts/vm-platforms.md) with different [vCPU performance levels](concepts/performance-levels.md).

Two VMs were created running Linux OS:

* 5% of vCPU and 1 GB RAM
* 100% of vCPU and 1 GB RAM

Both VMs have been running for 30 days.


VM cost with 5% vCPU at the price of an hour of CPU core usage equal to $0.002476, and the price of an hour of 1 GB of RAM usage equal to $0.003129:

> 5% vCPU = $0.002476/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = $1.782720
>
> 1 GB RAM = $0.003129/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = $2.252880
>
> Total: $4.035600

VM Cost with 100% vCPU at the price of an hour of CPU core usage equal to $0.008996, and the price of an hour of 1 GB of RAM usage equal to $0.003129:

> 1 vCPU = $0.008996/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = $6.477120
>
> 1 GB RAM = $0.003129/hour * 30 days * 24 hours = $2.252880
>
> Total: $8.730000


As you can see, the cost of the VM using 5% vCPU is about half as much as that of the VM using 100% vCPU.

### Storage usage (disks, snapshots, and images) {#disk}

When creating a disk, you specify its size, meaning the amount of block storage that the disk occupies. The cost of the service depends on the amount of time between when the disk is created and deleted, the amount of disk space, and the disk type selected during creation.

You are charged for disks regardless of whether the VM is running.

If you created an image or snapshot, you pay for the storage of this object separately depending on its size.

The cost is specified for one month of use. Billing occurs per second.

### {{ ig-name }} usage {#instance-groups}

The {{ ig-name }} component can be used free of charge. You can create instance groups and use the storage and computing resources within the [available limits](concepts/limits.md).

All other {{ yandex-cloud }} services, such as VMs and external IP addresses, [are charged as usual](../billing/pricing.md). Outgoing traffic is [charged](#prices-traffic) the same as other services.

### Dedicated host usage {#dedicated-hosts}

The cost of a dedicated host depends on its type (processor model, number of cores, and RAM) and doesn't depend on the number of VMs running on it.

There are dedicated host configurations with local SSD disks that you can use after receiving approval from Technical Support. If there are local disks in a host configuration, you will need to pay for them even if you do not use them.

vCPUs and RAM of VMs running on a dedicated host are not charged.

Use of additional resources, such as images from {{ marketplace-name }} or network disks, is billed as usual.

Usage prices are shown on an hourly basis (monthly for local disks). Billing occurs per second.

## Pricing {#prices}

### VM computing resources {#prices-instance-resources}




{% include [usd-instance-cpu.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-instance-cpu.md) %}

{% include [usd-instance-other.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-instance-other.md) %}

### Preemptible VM computing resources {#prices-preemptible-instance-resources}




{% include [usd-preemp-instance-cpu.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-preemp-instance-cpu.md) %}

{% include [usd-preemp-instance-other.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-preemp-instance-other.md) %}

### Operating systems {#prices-os}




OS | Cost per vCPU per hour, without VAT
--- | ---
Linux for all core types | Free
Windows Server Datacenter for 5% of vCPU | $0.016923
Windows Server Datacenter for 20% and 50% vCPU | $0.020000
Windows Server Datacenter for 100% vCPU | $0.034231

For the following products, funds are debited once for the calendar month in advance when a VM is started, regardless of the actual amount of time the VM runs for:




#### Remote Desktop Services

Product | Cost per CAL pack per month. without VAT
--- | ---
Remote Desktop Services (5 CAL) | $54.820514
Remote Desktop Services (10 CAL) | $109.641027
Remote Desktop Services (25 CAL) | $274.102568
Remote Desktop Services (50 CAL) | $548.205136
Remote Desktop Services (100 CAL) | $1096.410272
Remote Desktop Services (250 CAL) | $2741.025679
Remote Desktop Services (500 CAL) | $5482.051359

#### MS SQL Server

Product | Cost per vCPU per month, without VAT
--- | ---
MS SQL Server Standard* | $139.320515
MS SQL Server Enterprise* | $476.448725

\* The product is provided for a group of 2 vCPUs. The minimum available number of vCPUs for a VM is 4 (2 groups).

### Disks, snapshots, and images {#prices-storage}

{% note info %}

At the [Preview](../overview/concepts/launch-stages.md) stage, non-replicated disks can be used free of charge. The rates for non-replicated disks listed on this page will be effective from April 19, 2021.

{% endnote %}




{% include [usd-storage.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-storage.md) %}

### Computing resources of dedicated hosts {#prices-dedicated-host}




{% include [usd-host-cpu.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-host-cpu.md) %}

{% include [usd-host-other.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-host-other.md) %}

</br>


</br>



{% include [usd-local-nvme.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-local-nvme.md) %}

### Software-accelerated network {#software-accelerated-network}




{% include [usd-network.md](../_pricing/compute/usd-network.md) %}

### Outgoing traffic {#prices-traffic}




{% include notitle [usd-egress-traffic.md](../_pricing/usd-egress-traffic.md) %}