---
title: '{{ mpg-full-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019'
description: This article covers the {{ mpg-name }} pricing policy in effect from January 1 to March 1, 2019.
editable: false
---

# {{ mpg-name }} pricing policy from January 1 to March 1, 2019

This is an old version of the policy, valid between January 1 and March 1, 2019. To learn more about the current {{ mpg-name }} pricing policy, see [Pricing policy](../pricing.md).

## What goes into the cost of using {{ mpg-short-name }} {#rules}

The {{ mpg-name }} usage cost includes:

* Disk type and storage size.

* [Host class](../concepts/instance-types.md) selected for the cluster.

* Number of DB hosts per cluster.

* Settings and number of backups.

* Amount of outgoing traffic.


{% include [pricing-gb-size](../../_includes/pricing-gb-size.md) %}

### DB host usage {#rules-hosts-uptime}

Host operation cost is charged per hour based on host class. You can find detailed class specifications in the [Host classes](../concepts/instance-types.md) section.

The minimum billing unit is one hour (for example, the cost of 1.5 hours of operation is the same as the cost of 2 hours of operation). You do not pay for the time when the {{ PG }} host is unable to perform its main functions.

### Disk space usage {#rules-storage}

You pay for the following:

* Storage allocated for DB clusters.

    * You can only order local high-speed storage (`local-ssd`) for clusters with more than three hosts in 100 GB increments.


* Space used by DB backups in excess of the storage amount specified for the cluster.

    * Backups are stored free of charge as long as the combined size of the DB and all backups is smaller than the selected storage size.

    * When performing automatic backups, {{ mpg-short-name }} does not create a new copy but saves the data changed from the previous backup. It means the storage space used by automatic backups only increases in proportion to the volume of changes.

    * The number of hosts in a cluster does not affect the storage size and, consequently, the free volume of backups.



The price covers one month of use. The minimum billing unit is 1 GB per hour (for example, the cost of storing 1 GB for 1.5 hours is equal to the cost of storage for 2 hours).

## Prices {#prices}

### Hosts {prices-hosts}

| Host class | Cost per hour, without VAT | Cost per hour, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| s1.nano | ₽2.1610 | ₽2.5932 |
| s1.micro | ₽4.3136 | ₽5.1763 |
| s1.small | ₽8.6186 | ₽10.3424 |
| s1.medium | ₽17.2458 | ₽20.6949 |
| s1.large | ₽34.4831 | ₽41.3797 |
| s1.xlarge | ₽68.9746 | ₽82.7695 |

### Storage and backups {#prices-storage}

| Service | Cost of 1 GB per month, without VAT | Cost of 1 GB per month, including VAT |
----- | ----- | -----
| Standard network storage | ₽1.9068 | ₽2.2881 |
| Fast network storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.1356 |
| Fast local storage | ₽6.7797 | ₽8.1356 |
| Backups beyond the storage size | ₽2.1186 | ₽2.5424 |

### Outgoing traffic {#prices-traffic}

{% include notitle [pricing-egress-traffic](../../_includes/pricing/pricing-egress-traffic-01032019.md) %}

