---
editable: false
sourcePath: en/_api-ref/compute/v1/api-ref/Disk/index.md
---

# Compute Cloud API, REST: Disk methods
A set of methods for managing Disk resources.
## JSON Representation {#representation}
```json 
{
  "id": "string",
  "folderId": "string",
  "createdAt": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "labels": "object",
  "typeId": "string",
  "zoneId": "string",
  "size": "string",
  "blockSize": "string",
  "productIds": [
    "string"
  ],
  "status": "string",
  "instanceIds": [
    "string"
  ],
  "diskPlacementPolicy": {
    "placementGroupId": "string",
    "placementGroupPartition": "string"
  },
  "hardwareGeneration": {

    // `hardwareGeneration` includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`
    "legacyFeatures": {
      "pciTopology": "string"
    },
    "generation2Features": {},
    // end of the list of possible fields`hardwareGeneration`

  },

  //  includes only one of the fields `sourceImageId`, `sourceSnapshotId`
  "sourceImageId": "string",
  "sourceSnapshotId": "string",
  // end of the list of possible fields

}
```
 
Field | Description
--- | ---
id | **string**<br><p>ID of the disk.</p> 
folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the disk belongs to.</p> 
createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>String in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format. The range of possible values is from ``0001-01-01T00:00:00Z`` to ``9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z``, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.</p> <p>To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the <a href="https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview">Protocol Buffers reference</a>. In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits).</p> 
name | **string**<br><p>Name of the disk. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
description | **string**<br><p>Description of the disk. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as ``key:value`` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
typeId | **string**<br><p>ID of the disk type.</p> 
zoneId | **string**<br><p>ID of the availability zone where the disk resides.</p> 
size | **string** (int64)<br><p>Size of the disk, specified in bytes.</p> 
blockSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Block size of the disk, specified in bytes.</p> 
productIds[] | **string**<br><p>License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource. License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.</p> <p>The correct license ID is generated by the platform. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.</p> <p>If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image. For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost. You can specify them in the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/create">create</a> request.</p> 
status | **string**<br>Current status of the disk.<br><ul> <li>CREATING: Disk is being created.</li> <li>READY: Disk is ready to use.</li> <li>ERROR: Disk encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>DELETING: Disk is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
instanceIds[] | **string**<br><p>Array of instances to which the disk is attached.</p> 
diskPlacementPolicy | **object**<br>Placement policy configuration.
diskPlacementPolicy.<br>placementGroupId | **string**<br><p>Placement group ID.</p> 
diskPlacementPolicy.<br>placementGroupPartition | **string** (int64)
hardwareGeneration | **object**<br>If specified, forces the same HardwareGeneration features to be applied to the instance created using this disk as a boot one. Otherwise the current default will be used.
hardwareGeneration.<br>legacyFeatures | **object** <br>`hardwareGeneration` includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`<br><br><p>A first hardware generation, by default compatible with all legacy images. Allows switching to PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2 and back.</p> 
hardwareGeneration.<br>legacyFeatures.<br>pciTopology | **string**
hardwareGeneration.<br>generation2Features | **object** <br>`hardwareGeneration` includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`<br><br><p>A second hardware generation, which by default assumes PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2 and UEFI boot (with UEFI related features).</p> 
sourceImageId | **string** <br> includes only one of the fields `sourceImageId`, `sourceSnapshotId`<br><br><p>ID of the image that was used for disk creation.</p> 
sourceSnapshotId | **string** <br> includes only one of the fields `sourceImageId`, `sourceSnapshotId`<br><br><p>ID of the snapshot that was used for disk creation.</p> 

## Methods {#methods}
Method | Description
--- | ---
[create](create.md) | Creates a disk in the specified folder.
[delete](delete.md) | Deletes the specified disk.
[get](get.md) | Returns the specified Disk resource.
[list](list.md) | Retrieves the list of Disk resources in the specified folder.
[listAccessBindings](listAccessBindings.md) | Lists access bindings for the disk.
[listOperations](listOperations.md) | Lists operations for the specified disk.
[move](move.md) | Moves the specified disk to another folder of the same cloud.
[relocate](relocate.md) | Moves the specified disk to another availability zone
[setAccessBindings](setAccessBindings.md) | Sets access bindings for the disk.
[update](update.md) | Updates the specified disk.
[updateAccessBindings](updateAccessBindings.md) | Updates access bindings for the disk.