---
editable: false
---

# Compute Cloud API, REST: Snapshot methods
A set of methods for managing Snapshot resources.
## JSON Representation {#representation}
```json 
{
  "id": "string",
  "folderId": "string",
  "createdAt": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "labels": "object",
  "storageSize": "string",
  "diskSize": "string",
  "productIds": [
    "string"
  ],
  "status": "string",
  "sourceDiskId": "string"
}
```
 
Field | Description
--- | ---
id | **string**<br><p>ID of the snapshot.</p> 
folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the snapshot belongs to.</p> 
createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>String in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format. The range of possible values is from ``0001-01-01T00:00:00Z`` to ``9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z``, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.</p> <p>To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the <a href="https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview">Protocol Buffers reference</a>. In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits).</p> 
name | **string**<br><p>Name of the snapshot. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
description | **string**<br><p>Description of the snapshot. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as ``key:value`` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
storageSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Size of the snapshot, specified in bytes.</p> 
diskSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Size of the disk when the snapshot was created, specified in bytes.</p> 
productIds[] | **string**<br><p>License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource. License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.</p> <p>The correct license ID is generated by the platform. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.</p> <p>If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image. For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost. You can specify them in the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/create">create</a> request.</p> 
status | **string**<br><p>Current status of the snapshot.</p> <ul> <li>CREATING: Snapshot is being created.</li> <li>READY: Snapshot is ready to use.</li> <li>ERROR: Snapshot encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>DELETING: Snapshot is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
sourceDiskId | **string**<br><p>ID of the source disk used to create this snapshot.</p> 

## Methods {#methods}
Method | Description
--- | ---
[create](create.md) | Creates a snapshot of the specified disk.
[delete](delete.md) | Deletes the specified snapshot.
[get](get.md) | Returns the specified Snapshot resource.
[list](list.md) | Retrieves the list of Snapshot resources in the specified folder.
[listOperations](listOperations.md) | Lists operations for the specified snapshot.
[update](update.md) | Updates the specified snapshot.