---
editable: false
sourcePath: en/_api-ref/compute/v1/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks.md
---

# Compute Cloud API, REST: DiskPlacementGroup.listDisks
Lists disks for the specified placement group.
 

 
## HTTP request {#https-request}
```
GET https://compute.{{ api-host }}/compute/v1/diskPlacementGroups/{diskPlacementGroupId}/disks
```
 
## Path parameters {#path_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
diskPlacementGroupId | <p>Required. ID of the placement group to list disks for. To get the placement group ID, use <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/list">list</a> request.</p> <p>The maximum string length in characters is 50.</p> 
 
## Query parameters {#query_params}
 
Parameter | Description
--- | ---
pageSize | <p>The maximum number of results per page to return. If the number of available results is larger than <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#query_params">pageSize</a>, the service returns a <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#responses">nextPageToken</a> that can be used to get the next page of results in subsequent list requests.</p> <p>The maximum value is 1000.</p> 
pageToken | <p>Page token. To get the next page of results, set <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#query_params">pageToken</a> to the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#responses">nextPageToken</a> returned by a previous list request.</p> <p>The maximum string length in characters is 100.</p> 
 
## Response {#responses}
**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

```json 
{
  "disks": [
    {
      "id": "string",
      "folderId": "string",
      "createdAt": "string",
      "name": "string",
      "description": "string",
      "labels": "object",
      "typeId": "string",
      "zoneId": "string",
      "size": "string",
      "blockSize": "string",
      "productIds": [
        "string"
      ],
      "status": "string",
      "instanceIds": [
        "string"
      ],
      "diskPlacementPolicy": {
        "placementGroupId": "string",
        "placementGroupPartition": "string"
      },
      "hardwareGeneration": {

        // `disks[].hardwareGeneration` includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`
        "legacyFeatures": {
          "pciTopology": "string"
        },
        "generation2Features": {},
        // end of the list of possible fields`disks[].hardwareGeneration`

      },

      // `disks[]` includes only one of the fields `sourceImageId`, `sourceSnapshotId`
      "sourceImageId": "string",
      "sourceSnapshotId": "string",
      // end of the list of possible fields`disks[]`

    }
  ],
  "nextPageToken": "string"
}
```

 
Field | Description
--- | ---
disks[] | **object**<br><p>Lists disks for the specified placement group.</p> 
disks[].<br>id | **string**<br><p>ID of the disk.</p> 
disks[].<br>folderId | **string**<br><p>ID of the folder that the disk belongs to.</p> 
disks[].<br>createdAt | **string** (date-time)<br><p>String in <a href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt">RFC3339</a> text format. The range of possible values is from ``0001-01-01T00:00:00Z`` to ``9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z``, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.</p> <p>To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the <a href="https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview">Protocol Buffers reference</a>. In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits).</p> 
disks[].<br>name | **string**<br><p>Name of the disk. 1-63 characters long.</p> 
disks[].<br>description | **string**<br><p>Description of the disk. 0-256 characters long.</p> 
disks[].<br>labels | **object**<br><p>Resource labels as ``key:value`` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.</p> 
disks[].<br>typeId | **string**<br><p>ID of the disk type.</p> 
disks[].<br>zoneId | **string**<br><p>ID of the availability zone where the disk resides.</p> 
disks[].<br>size | **string** (int64)<br><p>Size of the disk, specified in bytes.</p> 
disks[].<br>blockSize | **string** (int64)<br><p>Block size of the disk, specified in bytes.</p> 
disks[].<br>productIds[] | **string**<br><p>License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource. License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.</p> <p>The correct license ID is generated by the platform. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.</p> <p>If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image. For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost. You can specify them in the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/Image/create">create</a> request.</p> 
disks[].<br>status | **string**<br>Current status of the disk.<br><ul> <li>CREATING: Disk is being created.</li> <li>READY: Disk is ready to use.</li> <li>ERROR: Disk encountered a problem and cannot operate.</li> <li>DELETING: Disk is being deleted.</li> </ul> 
disks[].<br>instanceIds[] | **string**<br><p>Array of instances to which the disk is attached.</p> 
disks[].<br>diskPlacementPolicy | **object**<br>Placement policy configuration.
disks[].<br>diskPlacementPolicy.<br>placementGroupId | **string**<br><p>Placement group ID.</p> 
disks[].<br>diskPlacementPolicy.<br>placementGroupPartition | **string** (int64)
disks[].<br>hardwareGeneration | **object**<br>If specified, forces the same HardwareGeneration features to be applied to the instance created using this disk as a boot one. Otherwise the current default will be used.
disks[].<br>hardwareGeneration.<br>legacyFeatures | **object** <br>`disks[].hardwareGeneration` includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`<br><br><p>A first hardware generation, by default compatible with all legacy images. Allows switching to PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2 and back.</p> 
disks[].<br>hardwareGeneration.<br>legacyFeatures.<br>pciTopology | **string**
disks[].<br>hardwareGeneration.<br>generation2Features | **object** <br>`disks[].hardwareGeneration` includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`<br><br><p>A second hardware generation, which by default assumes PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2 and UEFI boot (with UEFI related features).</p> 
disks[].<br>sourceImageId | **string** <br>`disks[]` includes only one of the fields `sourceImageId`, `sourceSnapshotId`<br><br><p>ID of the image that was used for disk creation.</p> 
disks[].<br>sourceSnapshotId | **string** <br>`disks[]` includes only one of the fields `sourceImageId`, `sourceSnapshotId`<br><br><p>ID of the snapshot that was used for disk creation.</p> 
nextPageToken | **string**<br><p>This token allows you to get the next page of results for list requests. If the number of results is more than <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#query_params">pageSize</a>, use <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#responses">nextPageToken</a> as the value for the <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#query_params">pageToken</a> query parameter in the next list request. Each subsequent list request will have its own <a href="/docs/compute/api-ref/DiskPlacementGroup/listDisks#responses">nextPageToken</a> to continue paging through the results.</p> 