---
editable: false
sourcePath: en/_api-ref/ai/assistants/v1/threads/api-ref/Message/get.md
---

# Threads, REST: Message.Get

Retrieve details of a specific message by its ID.

## HTTP request

```
GET https://rest-assistant.{{ api-host }}/assistants/v1/messages/{messageId}
```

## Path parameters

Request message for retrieving a message from a thread.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| messageId | **string**

Required field. ID of the message to retrieve. ||
|#

## Query parameters {#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.GetMessageRequest}

Request message for retrieving a message from a thread.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| threadId | **string**

Required field. ID of the thread that contains the message. ||
|#

## Response {#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.Message}

**HTTP Code: 200 - OK**

```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "threadId": "string",
  "createdBy": "string",
  "createdAt": "string",
  "author": {
    "id": "string",
    "role": "string"
  },
  "labels": "object",
  "content": {
    "content": [
      {
        // Includes only one of the fields `text`
        "text": {
          "content": "string"
        }
        // end of the list of possible fields
      }
    ]
  },
  "status": "string"
}
```

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| id | **string**

Unique identifier of the message. ||
|| threadId | **string**

ID of the thread that this message belongs to. ||
|| createdBy | **string**

Identifier of the subject who created this message. ||
|| createdAt | **string** (date-time)

Timestamp representing when the message was created.

String in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) text format. The range of possible values is from
`0001-01-01T00:00:00Z` to `9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z`, i.e. from 0 to 9 digits for fractions of a second.

To work with values in this field, use the APIs described in the
[Protocol Buffers reference](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/overview).
In some languages, built-in datetime utilities do not support nanosecond precision (9 digits). ||
|| author | **[Author](#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.Author)**

Author of the message, containing details about the message's creator. ||
|| labels | **object** (map<**string**, **string**>)

Set of key-value pairs that can be used to organize and categorize the message. ||
|| content | **[MessageContent](#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.MessageContent)**

Content of the message. ||
|| status | **enum** (MessageStatus)

Status of the message.

- `MESSAGE_STATUS_UNSPECIFIED`: Unspecified message status.
- `COMPLETED`: Message was successfully created by a user or generated by an assistant.
- `TRUNCATED`: Message generation was truncated due to reaching the maximum allowed number of tokens.
- `FILTERED_CONTENT`: Message generation was stopped because potentially sensitive content was detected either in the prompt or in the generated response. ||
|#

## Author {#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.Author}

Author of the message, containing details about the message's creator.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| id | **string**

Unique identifier of the author. This could be either the user's ID or the assistant's ID, depending on the role. ||
|| role | **string**

Role of the author, indicating whether the message was created by a "user" or an "assistant". ||
|#

## MessageContent {#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.MessageContent}

Represents the content of a message, which can consist of multiple parts.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| content[] | **[ContentPart](#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.ContentPart)**

A list of content parts that make up the message. ||
|#

## ContentPart {#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.ContentPart}

ContentPart represents an individual part of the message content, which can be of various types.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| text | **[Text](#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.Text)**

Text content of the message part.

Includes only one of the fields `text`.

Specifies the type of content that the part contains. ||
|#

## Text {#yandex.cloud.ai.assistants.v1.threads.Text}

Text represents a textual content part of a message.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| content | **string**

Text content of the message. ||
|#