---
subcategory: Managed Service for Apache Airflow™
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/airflow_cluster.md
---

# yandex_airflow_cluster (DataSource)

Managed Airflow cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about Apache Airflow cluster by name
//
data "yandex_airflow_cluster" "airflow_cluster_by_name" {
  name = "airflow-created-with-terraform"
}

//
// Get information about Apache Airflow cluster by id
//
data "yandex_airflow_cluster" "airflow_cluster_by_id" {
  id = "<airflow-cluster-id>"
}
```

## Arguments & Attributes Reference

- `admin_password` (String). Password that is used to log in to Apache Airflow web UI under `admin` user.
- `airflow_config` (Map Of Map Of String). Configuration of the Apache Airflow application itself. The value of this attribute is a two-level map. Keys of top-level map are the names of [configuration sections](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#airflow-configuration-options). Keys of inner maps are the names of configuration options within corresponding section.
- `airflow_version` (String). Apache Airflow version in format `<major>.<minor>`.
- `code_sync` [FW-Block]. Parameters of the location and access to the code that will be executed in the cluster.
  - `git_sync` [FW-Block]. Git repository that stores DAG files used in the cluster.
    - `branch` (**Required**)(String). The name of the branch that stores DAG files used in the cluster.
    - `repo` (**Required**)(String). The URL of the Git repository that stores DAG files used in the cluster.
    - `ssh_key` (**Required**)(String). The SSH key that is used to access the Git repository.
    - `sub_path` (**Required**)(String). The path to the directory in the repository that stores DAG files used in the cluster.
  - `s3` [FW-Block]. Currently only Object Storage (S3) is supported as the source of DAG files.
    - `bucket` (**Required**)(String). The name of the Object Storage bucket that stores DAG files used in the cluster.
- `created_at` (*Read-Only*) (String). The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `dag_processor` [FW-Block]. Configuration of dag-processor instances. Only for airflow version 3.*.
  - `count` (**Required**)(Number). The number of dag-processor instances in the cluster.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
- `deb_packages` (Set Of String). System packages that are installed in the cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Bool). The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String). The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String). The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (*Read-Only*) (String). The resource identifier.
- `labels` (Map Of String). A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `lockbox_secrets_backend` [FW-Block]. Configuration of Lockbox Secrets Backend. [See documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/tutorials/lockbox-secrets-in-maf-cluster) for details.
  - `enabled` (**Required**)(Bool). Enables usage of Lockbox Secrets Backend.
- `logging` [FW-Block]. Cloud Logging configuration.
  - `enabled` (**Required**)(Bool). Enables delivery of logs generated by the Airflow components to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).
  - `folder_id` (String). Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
  - `log_group_id` (String). Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
  - `min_level` (String). Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).
- `maintenance_window` [FW-Block]. Configuration of window for maintenance operations.
  - `day` (String). Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
  - `hour` (Number). Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
  - `type` (String). Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.
- `name` (**Required**)(String). The resource name.
- `pip_packages` (Set Of String). Python packages that are installed in the cluster.
- `python_version` (String). Version of Python that Airflow will run on. Must be in format `<major>.<minor>`.
- `scheduler` [FW-Block]. Configuration of scheduler instances.
  - `count` (**Required**)(Number). The number of scheduler instances in the cluster.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
- `security_group_ids` (Set Of String). The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (**Required**)(String). [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/concepts/impersonation).
- `status` (*Read-Only*) (String). Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-airflow/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `subnet_ids` (**Required**)(Set Of String). The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `triggerer` [FW-Block]. Configuration of `triggerer` instances.
  - `count` (**Required**)(Number). The number of triggerer instances in the cluster.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
- `webserver` [FW-Block]. Configuration of `webserver` instances.
  - `count` (**Required**)(Number). The number of webserver instances in the cluster.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
- `worker` [FW-Block]. Configuration of worker instances.
  - `max_count` (**Required**)(Number). The maximum number of worker instances in the cluster.
  - `min_count` (**Required**)(Number). The minimum number of worker instances in the cluster.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


