---
subcategory: Cloud Desktops
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_cloud_desktops_desktop_group'
description: Get information about Cloud Desktops Desktop Group.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/cloud_desktops_desktop_group.md
---

# yandex_cloud_desktops_desktop_group (Data Source)

Manages a Cloud Desktops Desktop Group. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/ru/docs/cloud-desktop/concepts/desktops-and-groups)

## Example usage

```terraform
data "yandex_cloud_desktops_desktop_group" "data_desktop_group_by_name_and_folder" {
	name 		= "desktop-group-name"
	folder_id 	= "<your folder id (optional)>"
}

data "yandex_cloud_desktops_desktop_group" "data_desktop_group_by_id" {
	desktop_group_id 	= "<your desktop group id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `desktop_group_id` (String) The id of the desktop group.
- `desktop_template` (Attributes) The configuration template for the desktop group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder the dekstop group is in.
- `group_config` (Attributes) The group configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the desktop group.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the desktop group.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.

<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template`

Optional:

- `boot_disk` (Attributes) The boot disk configuration for each desktop in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template--boot_disk))
- `data_disk` (Attributes) The data disk configuration for each desktop in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template--data_disk))
- `network_interface` (Attributes) The base network interface configuration for each desktop in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template--network_interface))
- `resources` (Attributes) The base resource configuration for each desktop in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template.boot_disk`

Optional:

- `initialize_params` (Attributes) General data disk configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template--boot_disk--initialize_params))

<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template--boot_disk--initialize_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template.boot_disk.initialize_params`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) The size of disk in gigabytes.
- `type` (String) The type of disk. Allowed values: TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, HDD or SDD



<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template--data_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template.data_disk`

Optional:

- `initialize_params` (Attributes) General data disk configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--desktop_template--data_disk--initialize_params))

<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template--data_disk--initialize_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template.data_disk.initialize_params`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) The size of disk in gigabytes.
- `type` (String) The type of disk. Allowed values: TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, HDD or SDD



<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template.network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String) The id of the network desktops from the group would use.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The ids of the subnet networks desktops from the group would use.


<a id="nestedatt--desktop_template--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `desktop_template.resources`

Read-Only:

- `core_fraction` (Number) The baseline level of CPU performance each desktop in this group would have.
- `cores` (Number) The number of cores each desktop in this group would have.
- `memory` (Number) The number of gigabytes of RAM each desktop in this group would have.



<a id="nestedatt--group_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_config`

Read-Only:

- `desktop_type` (String) The type of the desktop group. Allowed: DESKTOP_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, PERSISTENT, NON_PERSISTENT
- `max_desktops_amount` (Number) Maximum number of desktops.
- `members` (Attributes List) List of members in this desktop group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_config--members))
- `min_ready_desktops` (Number) Minimum number of ready desktops.

<a id="nestedatt--group_config--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_config.members`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the member. More info in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/ru/docs/cloud-desktop/api-ref/grpc/DesktopGroup/create#yandex.cloud.access.Subject).
- `type` (String) The type of the member. More info in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/ru/docs/cloud-desktop/api-ref/grpc/DesktopGroup/create#yandex.cloud.access.Subject).
