---
subcategory: Compute Cloud
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule'
description: Get information about a Yandex Compute SnapshotSchedule.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/compute_snapshot_schedule.md
---

# yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Compute snapshot schedule. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/compute/concepts/snapshot-schedule).

~> One of `snapshot_schedule_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Compute Snapshot Schedule
//
data "yandex_compute_snapshot_schedule" "my_snapshot_schedule" {
  snapshot_schedule_id = "some_snapshot_schedule_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_ids` (Set of String) IDs of the disk for snapshot schedule.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `retention_period` (String) Time duration applied to snapshots created by this snapshot schedule. This is a signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix. Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`. Examples: `300ms`, `1.5h` or `2h45m`.
- `schedule_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule_policy))
- `snapshot_count` (Number) Maximum number of snapshots for every disk of the snapshot schedule.
- `snapshot_schedule_id` (String) The ID of a specific snapshot schedule.
- `snapshot_spec` (Block List) Additional attributes for snapshots created by this snapshot schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--snapshot_spec))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the snapshot schedule.

<a id="nestedblock--schedule_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_policy`

Optional:

- `expression` (String) Cron expression to schedule snapshots (in cron format `" * ****"`).

- `start_at` (String) Time to start the snapshot schedule (in format RFC3339 `2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00`). If empty current time will be used. Unlike an `expression` that specifies regularity rules, the `start_at` parameter determines from what point these rules will be applied.



<a id="nestedblock--snapshot_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description to assign to snapshots created by this snapshot schedule.

- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to snapshots created by this snapshot schedule.

