---
subcategory: Network Load Balancer (NLB)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_lb_network_load_balancer'
description: Get information about a Yandex Load Balancer network load balancer.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/lb_network_load_balancer.md
---

# yandex_lb_network_load_balancer (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Load Balancer network load balancer. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/load-balancer/concepts/).

This data source is used to define [Load Balancer Network Load Balancers](https://yandex.cloud/docs/load-balancer/concepts/) that can be used by other resources.

~> One of `network_load_balancer_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Network Load Balancer (NLB).
//
data "yandex_lb_network_load_balancer" "my_nlb" {
  network_load_balancer_id = "my-network-load-balancer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `network_load_balancer_id` (String) Network load balancer ID.

### Read-Only

- `allow_zonal_shift` (Boolean) Flag that marks the network load balancer as available to zonal shift.
- `attached_target_group` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attached_target_group))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `listener` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listener))
- `region_id` (String) ID of the availability zone where the network load balancer resides. If omitted, default region is being used.
- `type` (String) Type of the network load balancer. Must be one of 'external' or 'internal'. The default is 'external'.

<a id="nestedatt--attached_target_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_target_group`

Read-Only:

- `healthcheck` (Block List, Min: 1) A HealthCheck resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--attached_target_group--healthcheck))

- `target_group_id` (String) ID of the target group.


<a id="nestedobjatt--attached_target_group--healthcheck"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_target_group.healthcheck`

Read-Only:

- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Number of successful health checks required in order to set the `HEALTHY` status for the target.

- `http_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for HTTP health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--attached_target_group--healthcheck--http_options))

- `interval` (Number) The interval between health checks. The default is 2 seconds.

- `name` (String) Name of the health check. The name must be unique for each target group that attached to a single load balancer.

- `tcp_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for TCP health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--attached_target_group--healthcheck--tcp_options))

- `timeout` (Number) Timeout for a target to return a response for the health check. The default is 1 second.

- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Number of failed health checks before changing the status to `UNHEALTHY`. The default is 2.


<a id="nestedobjatt--attached_target_group--healthcheck--http_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_target_group.healthcheck.http_options`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) URL path to set for health checking requests for every target in the target group. For example `/ping`. The default path is `/`.

- `port` (Number) Port to use for HTTP health checks.



<a id="nestedobjatt--attached_target_group--healthcheck--tcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_target_group.healthcheck.tcp_options`

Read-Only:

- `port` (Number) Port to use for TCP health checks.





<a id="nestedatt--listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener`

Read-Only:

- `external_address_spec` (Block Set, Max: 1) External IP address specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--listener--external_address_spec))

- `internal_address_spec` (Block Set, Max: 1) Internal IP address specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--listener--internal_address_spec))

- `name` (String) Name of the listener. The name must be unique for each listener on a single load balancer.

- `port` (Number) Port for incoming traffic.

- `protocol` (String) Protocol for incoming traffic. TCP or UDP and the default is TCP.

- `target_port` (Number) Port of a target. The default is the same as listener's port.


<a id="nestedobjatt--listener--external_address_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.external_address_spec`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) External IP address for a listener. IP address will be allocated if it wasn't been set.

- `ip_version` (String) IP version of the external addresses that the load balancer works with. Must be one of `ipv4` or `ipv6`. The default is `ipv4`.



<a id="nestedobjatt--listener--internal_address_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listener.internal_address_spec`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Internal IP address for a listener. Must belong to the subnet that is referenced in subnet_id. IP address will be allocated if it wasn't been set.

- `ip_version` (String) IP version of the external addresses that the load balancer works with. Must be one of `ipv4` or `ipv6`. The default is `ipv4`.

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to which the internal IP address belongs.

