---
subcategory: Managed Service for PostgreSQL
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed PostgreSQL cluster.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/mdb_postgresql_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed PostgreSQL cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/). [How to connect to the DB](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/quickstart#connect). To connect, use port 6432. The port number is not configurable.

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB PostgreSQL Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "fqdn" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster.my_cluster.host.0.fqdn
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The name of the PostgreSQL cluster.

### Read-Only

- `config` (List of Object) Configuration of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster.
- `host` (List of Object) A host of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String) Host Group IDs.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) Maintenance policy of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `user` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `access` (Block List, Max: 1) Access policy to the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--access))

- `autofailover` (Boolean) Configuration setting which enables/disables autofailover in cluster.

- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) The period in days during which backups are stored.

- `backup_window_start` (Block List, Max: 1) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC timezone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--backup_window_start))

- `disk_size_autoscaling` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--disk_size_autoscaling))

- `performance_diagnostics` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster performance diagnostics settings. [YC Documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/api-ref/grpc/cluster_service#PerformanceDiagnostics). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--performance_diagnostics))

- `pooler_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of the connection pooler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--pooler_config))

- `postgresql_config` (Map of String) PostgreSQL cluster configuration. For detailed information specific to your PostgreSQL version, please refer to the [API proto specifications](https://github.com/yandex-cloud/cloudapi/tree/master/yandex/cloud/mdb/postgresql/v1/config).

- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--resources))

- `version` (String) Version of the PostgreSQL cluster. (allowed versions are: 10, 10-1c, 11, 11-1c, 12, 12-1c, 13, 13-1c, 14, 14-1c, 15, 15-1c, 16, 17).


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.access`

Read-Only:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for [Yandex DataLens](https://yandex.cloud/services/datalens).

- `data_transfer` (Boolean) Allow access for [DataTransfer](https://yandex.cloud/services/data-transfer).

- `serverless` (Boolean) Allow access for [connection to managed databases from functions](https://yandex.cloud/docs/functions/operations/database-connection).

- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for [SQL queries in the management console](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/operations/web-sql-query).



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started (UTC).

- `minutes` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started (UTC).



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.disk_size_autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Limit of disk size after autoscaling (GiB).

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Immediate autoscaling disk usage (percent).

- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Maintenance window autoscaling disk usage (percent).



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--performance_diagnostics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.performance_diagnostics`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable performance diagnostics.

- `sessions_sampling_interval` (Number) Interval (in seconds) for pg_stat_activity sampling Acceptable values are 1 to 86400, inclusive.

- `statements_sampling_interval` (Number) Interval (in seconds) for pg_stat_statements sampling Acceptable values are 1 to 86400, inclusive.



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--pooler_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.pooler_config`

Read-Only:

- `pool_discard` (Boolean) Setting `pool_discard` [parameter in Odyssey](https://github.com/yandex/odyssey/blob/master/documentation/configuration.md#pool_discard-yesno).

- `pooling_mode` (String) Mode that the connection pooler is working in. See descriptions of all modes in the [documentation for Odyssey](https://github.com/yandex/odyssey/blob/master/documentation/configuration.md#pool-string.



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a PostgreSQL host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of PostgreSQL hosts.

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a PostgreSQL host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/concepts/instance-types).




<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `extension` (Block Set) Set of database extensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--database--extension))

- `lc_collate` (String) POSIX locale for string sorting order. Forbidden to change in an existing database.

- `lc_type` (String) POSIX locale for character classification. Forbidden to change in an existing database.

- `name` (String) The resource name.

- `owner` (String) Name of the user assigned as the owner of the database. Forbidden to change in an existing database.

- `template_db` (String) Name of the template database.


<a id="nestedobjatt--database--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database.extension`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the database extension. For more information on available extensions see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/operations/cluster-extensions).

- `version` (String) Version of the extension.




<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Sets whether the host should get a public IP address on creation. It can be changed on the fly only when `name` is set.

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.

- `priority` (Number) Host priority in HA group. It works only when `name` is set.

- `replication_source` (String) Host replication source (fqdn), when replication_source is empty then host is in HA group.

- `role` (String) Host's role (replica|primary), computed by server.

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet, to which the host belongs. The subnet must be a part of the network to which the cluster belongs.

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of the week (in `DDD` format). Allowed values: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`

- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day in UTC (in `HH` format). Allowed value is between 1 and 24.

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.



<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `conn_limit` (Number) The maximum number of connections per user. (Default 50).

- `grants` (List of String) List of the user's grants.

- `login` (Boolean) User's ability to login.

- `name` (String) The name of the user.

- `permission` (Block Set) Set of permissions granted to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--permission))

- `settings` (Map of String) Map of user settings. [Full description](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/api-ref/grpc/Cluster/create#yandex.cloud.mdb.postgresql.v1.UserSettings).


<a id="nestedobjatt--user--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.permission`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database that the permission grants access to.

