---
subcategory: Managed Service for Redis
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_redis_user'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed Redis user.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/mdb_redis_user.md
---

# yandex_mdb_redis_user (Data Source)

Manages a Redis user within the Yandex Cloud. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-redis/).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB Redis User.
//
data "yandex_mdb_redis_user" "my_user" {
  cluster_id = "some_cluster_id"
  name       = "test"
}

output "permissions" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_redis_user.my_user.permissions
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster to which user belongs to.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `acl_options` (String) Raw ACL string which has been inserted into the Redis
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is redis user enabled.
- `id` (String) The resource identifier.
- `passwords` (Set of String, Sensitive) Set of user passwords
- `permissions` (Attributes) Set of permissions granted to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `categories` (String) Command categories user has permissions to.
- `commands` (String) Commands user can execute.
- `patterns` (String) Keys patterns user has permission to.
- `pub_sub_channels` (String) Channel patterns user has permissions to.
- `sanitize_payload` (String) SanitizePayload parameter.
