---
subcategory: Managed Service for MySQL
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster'
description: Get information about a Yandex Managed MySQL cluster.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/mdb_mysql_cluster.md
---

# yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed MySQL cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/).

{% note warning %}

Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

{% endnote %}


## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB MySQL Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.my_cluster.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access` (Block List, Max: 1) Access policy to the MySQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access))
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the MySQL cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `disk_encryption_key_id` (String) ID of the KMS key for cluster disk encryption. Restoring without an encryption key will disable encryption if any exists.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `mysql_config` (Map of String) MySQL cluster config block.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) The period in days during which backups are stored.
- `backup_window_start` (List of Object) Time to start the daily backup, in the UTC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_window_start))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database` (Set of Object) To manage databases, please switch to using a separate resource type `yandex_mdb_mysql_databases`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (List of Object) Cluster disk size autoscaling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the MySQL cluster.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster.
- `host` (List of Object) A host of the MySQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String) A list of host group IDs to place VMs of the cluster on.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) Maintenance policy of the MySQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `performance_diagnostics` (List of Object) Cluster performance diagnostics settings. [YC Documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/api-ref/grpc/cluster_service#PerformanceDiagnostics). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--performance_diagnostics))
- `resources` (List of Object) Resources allocated to hosts of the MySQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `user` (List of Object) To manage users, please switch to using a separate resource type `yandex_mdb_mysql_user`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))
- `version` (String) Version of the MySQL cluster. (allowed versions are: 5.7, 8.0).

<a id="nestedblock--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for [Yandex DataLens](https://yandex.cloud/services/datalens). Allow access for [Yandex DataLens](https://yandex.cloud/services/datalens).

- `data_transfer` (Boolean) Allow access for [DataTransfer](https://yandex.cloud/services/data-transfer). Allow access for [DataTransfer](https://yandex.cloud/services/data-transfer).

- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allows access for [SQL queries in the management console](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/operations/web-sql-query). Allows access for [SQL queries in the management console](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/operations/web-sql-query).



<a id="nestedatt--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number) The hour at which backup will be started (UTC).

- `minutes` (Number) The minute at which backup will be started (UTC).



<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the database.



<a id="nestedatt--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk_size_autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Limit of disk size after autoscaling (GiB).

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Immediate autoscaling disk usage (percent).

- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Maintenance window autoscaling disk usage (percent).



<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Sets whether the host should get a public IP address. It can be changed on the fly only when `name` is set.

- `backup_priority` (Number) Host backup priority. Value is between 0 and 100, default is 0.

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the host.

- `priority` (Number) Host master promotion priority. Value is between 0 and 100, default is 0.

- `replication_source` (String) Host replication source (fqdn), when replication_source is empty then host is in HA group.

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet, to which the host belongs. The subnet must be a part of the network to which the cluster belongs.

- `zone` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of the week (in `DDD` format). Allowed values: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`

- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day in UTC (in `HH` format). Allowed value is between 1 and 24.

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.



<a id="nestedatt--performance_diagnostics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_diagnostics`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable performance diagnostics.

- `sessions_sampling_interval` (Number) Interval (in seconds) for my_stat_activity sampling Acceptable values are 1 to 86400, inclusive.

- `statements_sampling_interval` (Number) Interval (in seconds) for my_stat_statements sampling Acceptable values are 1 to 86400, inclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a MySQL host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of MySQL hosts.

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a MySQL host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/concepts/instance-types).



<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_plugin` (String) Authentication plugin. Allowed values: `MYSQL_NATIVE_PASSWORD`, `CACHING_SHA2_PASSWORD`, `SHA256_PASSWORD`, `MYSQL_NO_LOGIN`, `MDB_IAMPROXY_AUTH` (for version 5.7 `MYSQL_NATIVE_PASSWORD`, `SHA256_PASSWORD`, `MYSQL_NO_LOGIN`, `MDB_IAMPROXY_AUTH`).

- `connection_limits` (Block List, Max: 1) User's connection limits. If not specified there will be no changes. Default value is -1. When these parameters are set to -1, backend default values will be actually used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--connection_limits))

- `global_permissions` (Set of String) List user's global permissions. Allowed permissions: `REPLICATION_CLIENT`, `REPLICATION_SLAVE`, `PROCESS`, `FLUSH OPTIMIZER COSTS`, `SHOW ROUTINE`, `MDB ADMIN` for clear list use empty list. If the attribute is not specified there will be no changes.

- `name` (String) The name of the user.

- `password` (String) The password of the user.

- `permission` (Block Set) Set of permissions granted to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--permission))


<a id="nestedobjatt--user--connection_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.connection_limits`

Read-Only:

- `max_connections_per_hour` (Number) Max connections per hour.

- `max_questions_per_hour` (Number) Max questions per hour.

- `max_updates_per_hour` (Number) Max updates per hour.

- `max_user_connections` (Number) Max user connections.



<a id="nestedobjatt--user--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.permission`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database that the permission grants access to.

- `roles` (List of String) List user's roles in the database. Allowed roles: `ALL`,`ALTER`,`ALTER_ROUTINE`,`CREATE`,`CREATE_ROUTINE`,`CREATE_TEMPORARY_TABLES`, `CREATE_VIEW`,`DELETE`,`DROP`,`EVENT`,`EXECUTE`,`INDEX`,`INSERT`,`LOCK_TABLES`,`SELECT`,`SHOW_VIEW`,`TRIGGER`,`UPDATE`.

