---
subcategory: Cloud Organization
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application'
description: Get information about a Yandex Cloud Identity Hub OAuth application.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application.md
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application (Data Source)

An OAuth application resource.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing OrganizationManager Idp Application OAuth Application.
//
data "yandex_organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application" "app" {
  application_id = "some_application_id"
}

output "my_app.name" {
  value = data.yandex_organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application.app.name
}

output "my_app.status" {
  value = data.yandex_organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application.app.status
}

output "my_app.client_id" {
  value = data.yandex_organizationmanager_idp_application_oauth_application.app.client_grant.client_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `application_id` (String) ID of the OAuth application to return.
 To get the OAuth application ID, make a [ApplicationService.List] request.
- `id` (String) ID of the OAuth application to return.
 To get the OAuth application ID, make a [ApplicationService.List] request.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `client_grant` (Attributes) Represents current connection to the OAuth client with specified scopes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_grant))
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `description` (String) Description of the application. 0-256 characters long.
- `group_claims_settings` (Attributes) Settings of the group claims (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_claims_settings))
- `labels` (Map of String) Resource labels as `` key:value `` pairs.
- `name` (String) Name of the application.
 The name is unique within the organization. 3-63 characters long.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of the organization that the application belongs to.
- `status` (String) Current status of the application.
- `updated_at` (String) Modification timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--client_grant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_grant`

Read-Only:

- `authorized_scopes` (Set of String) List of authorized client scopes by the application
- `client_id` (String) OAuth client id


<a id="nestedatt--group_claims_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_claims_settings`

Read-Only:

- `group_distribution_type` (String) Represents current distribution type of the groups. I.e. which groups are visible for the application users.

