---
subcategory: Serverless Containers
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_serverless_container'
description: Get information about a Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/serverless_container.md
---

# yandex_serverless_container (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. This data source is used to define Yandex Cloud Container that can be used by other resources.

{% note warning %}

Either `container_id` or `name` must be specified.

{% endnote %}


## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Serverless Container.
//
data "yandex_serverless_container" "my-container" {
  container_id = "are1samplecontainer11"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connectivity` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectivity))
- `container_id` (String) Yandex Cloud Serverless Container ID used to define container.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `metadata_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata_options))
- `mounts` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts))
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `runtime` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime))
- `secrets` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secrets))
- `storage_mounts` (Block List, Deprecated) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_mounts))

### Read-Only

- `async_invocation` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--async_invocation))
- `concurrency` (Number) Concurrency of Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `core_fraction` (Number) Core fraction (**0...100**) of the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `cores` (Number) Cores (**1+**) of the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `execution_timeout` (String) Execution timeout in seconds (**duration format**) for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_options))
- `memory` (Number) Memory in megabytes (**aligned to 128 MB**).
- `revision_id` (String) Last revision ID of the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.
- `url` (String) Invoke URL for the Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

<a id="nestedblock--connectivity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectivity`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) Network the revision will have access to.



<a id="nestedblock--metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_options`

Optional:

- `aws_v1_http_endpoint` (Number) Enables access to AWS flavored metadata (IMDSv1). Values: `0` - default, `1` - enabled, `2` - disabled.

- `gce_http_endpoint` (Number) Enables access to GCE flavored metadata. Values: `0`- default, `1` - enabled, `2` - disabled.



<a id="nestedblock--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts`

Required:

- `mount_point_path` (String) Path inside the container to access the directory in which the target is mounted.


Optional:

- `ephemeral_disk` (Block List, Max: 1) One of the available mount types. Disk available during the function execution time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts--ephemeral_disk))

- `mode` (String) Mount’s accessibility mode. Valid values are `ro` and `rw`.

- `object_storage` (Block List, Max: 1) Available mount types. Object storage as a mount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mounts--object_storage))


<a id="nestedblock--mounts--ephemeral_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.ephemeral_disk`

Required:

- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the ephemeral disk in GB.


Optional:

- `block_size_kb` (Number) Block size of the ephemeral disk in KB.



<a id="nestedblock--mounts--object_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.object_storage`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the mounting bucket.


Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix within the bucket. If you leave this field empty, the entire bucket will be mounted.




<a id="nestedblock--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the runtime for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. Valid values are `http` and `task`.



<a id="nestedblock--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `environment_variable` (String) Container's environment variable in which secret's value will be stored. Must begin with a letter (A-Z, a-z).

- `id` (String) Secret's ID.

- `key` (String) Secret's entries key which value will be stored in environment variable.

- `version_id` (String) Secret's version ID.



<a id="nestedblock--storage_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_mounts`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Name of the mounting bucket.

- `mount_point_path` (String) Path inside the container to access the directory in which the bucket is mounted.


Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix within the bucket. If you leave this field empty, the entire bucket will be mounted.

- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount the bucket in read-only mode.



<a id="nestedatt--async_invocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `async_invocation`

Read-Only:

- `service_account_id` (String) Service account used for async invocation.



<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Read-Only:

- `args` (List of String) List of arguments for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

- `command` (List of String) List of commands for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

- `digest` (String) Digest of image that will be deployed as Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. If presented, should be equal to digest that will be resolved at server side by URL. Container will be updated on digest change even if `image.0.url` stays the same. If field not specified then its value will be computed.

- `environment` (Map of String) A set of key/value environment variable pairs for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container. Each key must begin with a letter (A-Z, a-z).

- `url` (String) URL of image that will be deployed as Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.

- `work_dir` (String) Working directory for Yandex Cloud Serverless Container.



<a id="nestedatt--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_options`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Is logging from container disabled.

- `folder_id` (String) Log entries are written to default log group for specified folder.

- `log_group_id` (String) Log entries are written to specified log group.

- `min_level` (String) Minimum log entry level.

