---
subcategory: Managed Service for Trino
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/trino_cluster.md
---

# yandex_trino_cluster (DataSource)

Managed Trino cluster.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about Trino cluster by name
//
data "yandex_tirno_cluster" "trino_cluster_by_name" {
  name = "trino-created-with-terraform"
}

//
// Get information about Trino cluster by id
//
data "yandex_trino_cluster" "tirno_cluster_by_id" {
  id = "<trino-cluster-id>"
}
```

## Arguments & Attributes Reference

- `coordinator` [FW-Block]. Configuration of `coordinator` instances.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).
- `created_at` (*Read-Only*) (String). The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Bool). The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String). The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String). The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (*Read-Only*) (String). The resource identifier.
- `labels` (Map Of String). A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `logging` [FW-Block]. Cloud Logging configuration.
  - `enabled` (**Required**)(Bool). Enables delivery of logs generated by the Trino components to [Cloud Logging](https://yandex.cloud/docs/logging/).
  - `folder_id` (String). Logs will be written to **default log group** of specified folder. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
  - `log_group_id` (String). Logs will be written to the **specified log group**. Exactly one of the attributes `folder_id` or `log_group_id` should be specified.
  - `min_level` (String). Minimum level of messages that will be sent to Cloud Logging. Can be either `TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR` or `FATAL`. If not set then server default is applied (currently `INFO`).
- `maintenance_window` [FW-Block]. Configuration of window for maintenance operations.
  - `day` (String). Day of week for maintenance window. One of `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.
  - `hour` (Number). Hour of day in UTC time zone (1-24) for maintenance window.
  - `type` (String). Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. If `WEEKLY`, day and hour must be specified.
- `name` (**Required**)(String). The resource name.
- `private_access` (Bool). Enables access to the cluster only via private endpoint.
- `query_properties` (Map Of String). Query properties configuration.
- `resource_groups_json` (String). Resource groups configuration as a Trino-like json. Note, that some fields are not supported in Managed Trino, refer to documentation for more details. We recommend using `jsonencode()` as it can help sidestep different issues with formatting, whitespace and other nuances inherent to JSON.
- `retry_policy` [FW-Block]. Configuration for retry policy, specifying the spooling storage destination and other settings.
  - `additional_properties` (Map Of String). Additional properties.
  - `exchange_manager` [FW-Block]. Configuration for exchange manager.
    - `additional_properties` (Map Of String). Additional properties.
    - `service_s3` [FW-Block]. Use S3 created on service side as exchange manager.
  - `policy` (**Required**)(String). Retry policy level
- `security_group_ids` (Set Of String). The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (**Required**)(String). [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource. For more information, see [documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-trino/concepts/impersonation).
- `subnet_ids` (**Required**)(Set Of String). The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `tls` [FW-Block]. Configuration for TLS.
  - `trusted_certificates` (List Of String). Trusted CA-certificates. Each element should contain single self-signed CA-certificate or chain of CA-certificates where first certificate if leaf and last certificate is self-signed root.
- `version` (String). Trino version. Format: "Number".
- `worker` [FW-Block]. Configuration of worker instances.
  - `auto_scale` [FW-Block]. A scaling policy that dynamically adjusts the number of worker instances based on the cluster's workload.
    - `max_count` (**Required**)(Number). The maximum number of worker instances.
    - `min_count` (**Required**)(Number). The minimum number of worker instances.
  - `fixed_scale` [FW-Block]. A fixed scaling policy that specifies a fixed number of worker instances.
    - `count` (**Required**)(Number). Specifies the number of worker instances.
  - `resource_preset_id` (**Required**)(String). The identifier of the preset for computational resources available to an instance (CPU, memory etc.).


