---
subcategory: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
page_title: 'Yandex: yandex_vpc_private_endpoint'
description: Get information about a Yandex VPC Private Endpoint.
sourcePath: en/terraform/tf-ref/yandex-cloud/data-sources/vpc_private_endpoint.md
---

# yandex_vpc_private_endpoint (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex VPC Private Endpoint. For more information, see [Yandex Cloud VPC](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/index).

This data source is used to define [VPC Private Endpoint](https://yandex.cloud/docs/vpc/concepts/private-endpoint) that can be used by other resources.

~> One of `private_endpoint_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing VPC Private Endpoint.
//
data "yandex_vpc_private_endpoint" "pe" {
  private_endpoint_id = "my-private-endpoint-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `object_storage` (Block List) Private endpoint for Object Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--object_storage))
- `private_endpoint_id` (String) ID of the private endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `dns_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_options))
- `endpoint_address` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint_address))
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network which private endpoint belongs to.
- `status` (String) Status of the private endpoint.

<a id="nestedblock--object_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `object_storage`


<a id="nestedatt--dns_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_options`

Read-Only:

- `private_dns_records_enabled` (Boolean) If enabled - additional service DNS will be created.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoint_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint_address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specifies IP address within `subnet_id`.

- `address_id` (String) ID of the address.

- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet of the IP address.

