# {{ forms-full-name }} release notes: June 2023

- [Form interface updates](#interface-update)
- [Variables in integration settings](#switch-interface)

## Form interface updates {#interface-update}

- Updated the form design. The layout of all elements is now in the same style as [{{ tracker-name }}]({{ link-tracker }}).
- Added support for a dark theme. You can enable it in the browser settings.
- Added auto-saving of entered data. If you close a form without submitting it, the entered data will still be there when you reopen the form.
- Updated the page for submitting responses to [tests](../tests.md). Now both test results and a list of correct and incorrect responses are placed on the same page.
- Updated the **Date** question. Now you can enter the data using your keyboard.
- Optimized form performance. Now forms with 100 or more prompts open faster.

### Enabling and disabling the new interface {#switch-interface}

To enable and disable the new interface, open **Settings** → **Advanced** and select **Show form to fill out in new UI**.

You can temporarily switch between the old and new UI. After we add the themes compatibility for the new interface, forms will only open in the new interface.

### Limitations {#interface-limits}

New features are only available if you use the [standard theme for your form](../appearance.md).

## Variables in integration settings {#vars}

Added new [variables](../vars.md) that can be used for [integration with other services](../notifications.md):

* `Link to the form`: Link to the form editing page.
* `Link to the response`: Link to the page with the response to the form.
