# {{ data-transfer-name }} release notes: March 2024

## New features {#new-features}

1. Added the following parameters for working with transfers using [Terraform](../tf-ref.md):
   * `yds_source` and `yds_target` in the `yandex_datatransfer_endpoint` resource, for working with {{ yds-name }} endpoints.
   * `runtime` and `transformation` in the `yandex_datatransfer_transfer` resource, for data transformation support.
   * `changefeed_custom_name` in the `yandex_datatransfer_endpoint` resource, for managing a changefeed in a {{ ydb-name }} source.
   * `unescape_string_values` in the `yandex_datatransfer_endpoint` resource, for processing string values in JSON files.

1. Documented [troubleshooting procedures](../troubleshooting/index.md#overview) for errors occurring in the service.


1. For {{ PG }} endpoints in custom installations, added the option to specify [multiple host values](../operations/endpoint/source/postgresql.md#on-premise) in `<host>:<port>` format if hosts of a cluster are located on different ports.

## Fixed issues {#problems-solved}


1. Fixed the memory call error when transferring data from [{{ ES }}](../operations/endpoint/source/elasticsearch.md) to [{{ OS }}](../operations/endpoint/target/opensearch.md).

1. Restored performance of transfers from the [Microsoft SQL Server ({{ AB }})](../operations/endpoint/source/mssql.md) source when a subnet is specified in the endpoint settings.


1. Fixed the error of loading data to [{{ CH }}](../operations/endpoint/target/clickhouse.md) due to missing shard names.

1. Fixed the error of logging incorrect timezones in the cloud log.

{% include [clickhouse-disclaimer](../../_includes/clickhouse-disclaimer.md) %}