---
title: '{{ data-transfer-full-name }} release notes: January 2025'
description: This section outlines the changes made to {{ data-transfer-name }} in January 2025.
---

# {{ data-transfer-name }} release notes: January 2025

## New features {#new-features}

1. [Endpoint.Create](../api-ref/Endpoint/create.md), [Endpoint.Update](../api-ref/Endpoint/update.md), and [Endpoint.Delete](../api-ref/Endpoint/delete.md) API methods became [asynchronous](../../api-design-guide/concepts/async.md). In case of success, they return the [operation](../../api-design-guide/concepts/operation.md) in which the `done` field equals `false`, and the `response` field is empty.
According to the asynchronous API contract, you need to wait for the operation to complete by calling the [Operation.Get](../api-ref/Operation/get.md) method until you get an operation with the `done` field set to `true` in response. This operation will also have the `response` field filled. Only after that you can consider the operation completed and use your new or updated endpoint.

1. Implemented parallelized table copy in transfers from [{{ ydb-name }}](../operations/endpoint/source/ydb.md).

1. For replication from [{{ ydb-name }}](../operations/endpoint/source/ydb.md), you can configure the change feed retention period.


## Fixed issues {#problems-solved}

1. Fixed the display of errors when a transfer fails.

1. Fixed the behavior of [{{ PG }}](../operations/endpoint/source/postgresql.md) to [{{ ydb-name }}](../operations/endpoint/target/yandex-database.md) transfers when updating primary keys in the source.

1. A transfer from a custom [{{ PG }}](../operations/endpoint/source/postgresql.md) installation will now access replicas where possible.

1. Fixed the `Decimal` [serialization](../concepts/serializer.md) error in Debezium.

1. Fixed the password reset error in the Confluent Schema Registry parser settings.
1. Fixed the behavior of the **{{ ui-key.yc-data-transfer.data-transfer.endpoint.airbyte.mssql_source.endpoint.airbyte.mssql_source.MSSQLSource.replication_method.title }}** setting in the [{{ MS }} data source](../operations/endpoint/source/mssql.md).
