---
editable: false
sourcePath: en/_api-ref-grpc/compute/v1/api-ref/grpc/Image/getLatestByFamily.md
---

# Compute Cloud API, gRPC: ImageService.GetLatestByFamily {#GetLatestByFamily}

Returns the latest image that is part of an image family.

## gRPC request

**rpc GetLatestByFamily ([GetImageLatestByFamilyRequest](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.GetImageLatestByFamilyRequest)) returns ([Image](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Image))**

## GetImageLatestByFamilyRequest {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.GetImageLatestByFamilyRequest}

```json
{
  "folderId": "string",
  "family": "string"
}
```

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| folderId | **string**

Required field. ID of the folder to get the image from.
To get the folder ID, use a [yandex.cloud.resourcemanager.v1.FolderService.List](/docs/resource-manager/api-ref/grpc/Folder/list#List) request. ||
|| family | **string**

Name of the image family to search for. ||
|#

## Image {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Image}

```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "folderId": "string",
  "createdAt": "google.protobuf.Timestamp",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "labels": "string",
  "family": "string",
  "storageSize": "int64",
  "minDiskSize": "int64",
  "productIds": [
    "string"
  ],
  "status": "Status",
  "os": {
    "type": "Type"
  },
  "pooled": "bool",
  "hardwareGeneration": {
    // Includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`
    "legacyFeatures": {
      "pciTopology": "PCITopology"
    },
    "generation2Features": "Generation2HardwareFeatures"
    // end of the list of possible fields
  },
  "kmsKey": {
    "keyId": "string",
    "versionId": "string"
  }
}
```

An Image resource.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| id | **string**

ID of the image. ||
|| folderId | **string**

ID of the folder that the image belongs to. ||
|| createdAt | **[google.protobuf.Timestamp](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#timestamp)** ||
|| name | **string**

Name of the image. 1-63 characters long. ||
|| description | **string**

Description of the image. 0-256 characters long. ||
|| labels | **string**

Resource labels as `key:value` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource. ||
|| family | **string**

The name of the image family to which this image belongs.

You can get the most recent image from a family by using
the [yandex.cloud.compute.v1.ImageService.GetLatestByFamily](#GetLatestByFamily) request
and create the disk from this image. ||
|| storageSize | **int64**

The size of the image, specified in bytes. ||
|| minDiskSize | **int64**

Minimum size of the disk which will be created from this image. ||
|| productIds[] | **string**

License IDs that indicate which licenses are attached to this resource.
License IDs are used to calculate additional charges for the use of the virtual machine.

The correct license ID is generated by the platform. IDs are inherited by new resources created from this resource.

If you know the license IDs, specify them when you create the image.
For example, if you create a disk image using a third-party utility and load it into Object Storage, the license IDs will be lost.
You can specify them in the [yandex.cloud.compute.v1.ImageService.Create](/docs/compute/api-ref/grpc/Image/create#Create) request. ||
|| status | enum **Status**

Current status of the image.

- `STATUS_UNSPECIFIED`
- `CREATING`: Image is being created.
- `READY`: Image is ready to use.
- `ERROR`: Image encountered a problem and cannot operate.
- `DELETING`: Image is being deleted. ||
|| os | **[Os](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Os)**

Operating system that is contained in the image. ||
|| pooled | **bool**

When true, indicates there is an image pool for fast creation disks from the image. ||
|| hardwareGeneration | **[HardwareGeneration](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.HardwareGeneration)**

If specified, forces the same HardwareGeneration features to be applied to the instance
created using this image as a source for the boot disk. Otherwise the current default will be used. ||
|| kmsKey | **[KMSKey](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.KMSKey)**

Key encryption key info. ||
|#

## Os {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Os}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| type | enum **Type**

Operating system type. The default is `LINUX`.

This field is used to correctly emulate a vCPU and calculate the cost of using an instance.

- `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED`
- `LINUX`: Linux operating system.
- `WINDOWS`: Windows operating system. ||
|#

## HardwareGeneration {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.HardwareGeneration}

A set of features, specific to a particular Compute hardware generation.
They are not necessary supported by every host OS or distro, thus they are fixed to an image
and are applied to all instances created with it as their boot disk image.
These features significantly determine how the instance is created, thus cannot be changed after the fact.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| legacyFeatures | **[LegacyHardwareFeatures](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.LegacyHardwareFeatures)**

Includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`. ||
|| generation2Features | **[Generation2HardwareFeatures](#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Generation2HardwareFeatures)**

Includes only one of the fields `legacyFeatures`, `generation2Features`. ||
|#

## LegacyHardwareFeatures {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.LegacyHardwareFeatures}

A first hardware generation, by default compatible with all legacy images.
Allows switching to PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2 and back.

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| pciTopology | enum **PCITopology**

- `PCI_TOPOLOGY_UNSPECIFIED`
- `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V1`
- `PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2` ||
|#

## Generation2HardwareFeatures {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.Generation2HardwareFeatures}

A second hardware generation, which by default assumes PCI_TOPOLOGY_V2
and UEFI boot (with UEFI related features).

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| Empty | > ||
|#

## KMSKey {#yandex.cloud.compute.v1.KMSKey}

#|
||Field | Description ||
|| keyId | **string**

ID of KMS symmetric key ||
|| versionId | **string**

Version of KMS symmetric key ||
|#